<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20080229_10-K_edgar_data_72971_0000950134-08-003822_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3291547</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>637275</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>276110</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1436714</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>118</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950134-08-003822.hdr.sgml : 20080229
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20080229142158
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950134-08-003822
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20071231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20080229
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20080229

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WELLS FARGO & CO/MN
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000072971
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				410449260
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-02979
		FILM NUMBER:		08654598

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 MONTGOMERY STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94163
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6126671234

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		WELLS FARGO & COMPANY
		STREET 2:		420 MONTGOMERY STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94163

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NORWEST CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NORTHWEST BANCORPORATION
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19830516

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Ru3Qdhgp+3a1B06rO+BnUqIJBNdfKuy/w63VLoz7Ysh4gEEUHBZ8z0HPRdjZSEmg
 9HzHL/n+o0B0fqBgSucQCg==

 0000950134-08-003822.txt : 20080229

10-K
 1
 f38267e10vk.htm
 FORM 10-K

e10vk 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-K 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

WELLS FARGO   COMPANY  
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

420 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, California 94163 
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 1-866-878-5865

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Name of Each Exchange 

Title of Each Class 

on Which Registered     

Common Stock, par value $1-2/3

New York Stock Exchange 

Basket Linked Notes due October 9, 2008

American Stock Exchange 

Basket Linked Notes due April 15, 2009

American Stock Exchange 

Callable Notes Linked to the S P 500 Index    due August 25, 2009

American Stock Exchange 

Notes Linked to the Dow Jones Industrial Average SM  due May 5, 2010

American Stock Exchange 

No securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act.

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of
the Securities Act. 

Yes           No         

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes         No           

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 

of 1934 during the preceding
12 months, and (2)
has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90
days.

Yes           No         

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this 

Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one):

Large accelerated filer    

Accelerated filer     

Non-accelerated filer    

Smaller reporting company     

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell Company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes         No           

At June 30, 2007, the aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates was
approximately $116.6 billion, based on a closing price of $35.17. At January 31, 2008,
3,296,806,740 shares of common stock were outstanding.

Documents Incorporated by Reference in Form 10-K 

ITEM 1.  
       
      BUSINESS  

Wells Fargo   Company is a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware and a financial holding
company and a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
amended (BHC Act). Its principal business is to act as a holding company for its subsidiaries.
References in this report to  the Parent  mean the holding company. References to  we,   our,   us 
or  the Company  mean the holding company and its subsidiaries that are consolidated for financial
reporting purposes.

We are the product of the merger of Norwest Corporation and the former Wells Fargo   Company,
completed on November 2, 1998. On completion of the merger, Norwest Corporation changed its name to
Wells Fargo   Company. In October 2000, we acquired First Security Corporation, a $23 billion bank
holding company in a transaction valued at $3 billion.

We expand our business, in part, by acquiring banking institutions and other companies engaged in
activities that are financial in nature. We continue to explore opportunities to acquire banking
institutions and other financial services companies, and discussions related to possible
acquisitions may occur at any time. We cannot predict whether, or on what terms, discussions will
result in further acquisitions. As a matter of policy, we generally do not comment on any
discussions or possible acquisitions until a definitive acquisition agreement has been signed.

At December 31, 2007, we had assets of $575 billion, loans of $382 billion, deposits of $344
billion and stockholders  equity of $48 billion. Based on assets, we were the fifth largest bank
holding company in the United States. At December 31, 2007, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. was the
Company s principal subsidiary with assets of $468 billion, or 81% of the Company s assets. Our
bank has the highest credit rating,  Aaa,  from Moody s Investors Service and, in February 2007,
was upgraded to  AAA  by Standard   Poor s Ratings Services, its highest credit rating. Our bank is
now the only U.S. bank, and one of two banks worldwide, to have the highest possible credit rating
from both Moody s and S P.

At December 31, 2007, we had 159,800 active, full-time equivalent team members.

Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and
amendments to those reports, are available free at www.wellsfargo.com (select  About Us,  then
 Investor Relations   More,  then  SEC Filings ) as soon as reasonably practicable after they are
electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). They are
also available free on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov.

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

General 

We are a diversified financial services company. We provide retail, commercial and corporate
banking services through banking stores located in 23 states: Alaska, Arizona, California,
Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New
Mexico, North Dakota, Ohio, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin and Wyoming.
We provide other financial services through subsidiaries engaged in various
businesses, principally: wholesale banking, mortgage banking, consumer finance, equipment

1 

leasing, agricultural finance, commercial finance, securities brokerage and investment banking, insurance
agency and brokerage services, computer and data processing services, trust services, investment
advisory services, mortgage-backed securities servicing and venture capital investment.

We have three operating segments for management reporting purposes: Community Banking, Wholesale
Banking and Wells Fargo Financial. The 2007 Annual Report to Stockholders includes financial
information and descriptions of these operating segments.

Competition 

The financial services industry is highly competitive. Our subsidiaries compete with financial
services providers, such as banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, finance companies,
mortgage banking companies, insurance companies, and mutual fund companies. They also face
increased competition from nonbank institutions such as brokerage houses, as well as from financial
services subsidiaries of commercial and manufacturing companies. Many of these competitors enjoy
fewer regulatory constraints and some may have lower cost structures.

Securities firms and insurance companies that elect to become financial holding companies may
acquire banks and other financial institutions. Combinations of this type could significantly
change the competitive environment in which we conduct business. The financial services industry is
also likely to become more competitive as further technological advances enable more companies to
provide financial services. These technological advances may diminish the importance of depository
institutions and other financial intermediaries in the transfer of funds between parties.

REGULATION AND SUPERVISION 

We describe below, and in Notes 3 (Cash, Loan and Dividend Restrictions) and 26 (Regulatory and
Agency Capital Requirements) to Financial Statements included in the 2007 Annual Report to
Stockholders, the material elements of the regulatory framework applicable to us. The description
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes, regulations and
policies that are described. Banking statutes, regulations and policies are continually under
review by Congress and state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies, and a change
in them, including changes in how they are interpreted or implemented, could have a material effect
on our business. The regulatory framework applicable to bank holding companies is intended to
protect depositors, federal deposit insurance funds, consumers and the banking system as a whole,
not investors in bank holding companies such as the Company.

Statutes, regulations and policies could restrict our ability to diversify into other areas of
financial services, acquire depository institutions, and pay dividends on our capital stock. They
may also require us to provide financial support to one or more of our subsidiary banks, maintain
capital balances in excess of those desired by management, and pay higher deposit insurance
premiums as a result of a general deterioration in the financial condition of depository
institutions.

2 

General 

Parent Bank Holding Company.  As a bank holding company, the Parent is subject to regulation under
the BHC Act and to inspection, examination and supervision by its primary regulator, the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve Board or FRB). The Parent is also subject
to the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, both as administered by the SEC. As a listed company
on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), the Parent is subject to the rules of the NYSE for listed
companies.

Subsidiary Banks.  Our subsidiary national banks are subject to regulation and examination
primarily by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) and secondarily by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the FRB. Our state-chartered banks are subject to primary
federal regulation and examination by the FDIC and, in addition, are regulated and examined by
their respective state banking departments.

Nonbank Subsidiaries.  Many of our nonbank subsidiaries are also subject to regulation by the FRB
and other applicable federal and state agencies. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to
regulation by applicable state insurance regulatory agencies, as well as the FRB. Our brokerage
subsidiaries are regulated by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and, in
some cases, the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, and state securities regulators. FINRA was
formed in July 2007 through a consolidation of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
(NASD) and the member regulation, enforcement and arbitration functions of the NYSE. FINRA is the
largest non-governmental regulator for all securities firms doing business in the United States.
FINRA is responsible for rule writing, firm examination, enforcement, arbitration and mediation
functions previously overseen by the NASD. Our other nonbank subsidiaries may be subject to the
laws and regulations of the federal government and/or the various states in which they conduct
business.

Parent Bank Holding Company Activities 

Financial in Nature  Requirement.  As a bank holding company that has elected to become a
financial holding company pursuant to the BHC Act, we may affiliate with securities firms and
insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature or incidental or
complementary to activities that are financial in nature.  Financial in nature  activities include
securities underwriting, dealing and market making, sponsoring mutual funds and investment
companies, insurance underwriting and agency, merchant banking, and activities that the FRB, in
consultation with the Secretary of the U.S. Treasury, determines from time to time to be financial
in nature or incidental to such financial activity.  Complimentary activities  are activities that
the FRB determines upon application to be complementary to a financial activity and do not pose a
safety and soundness risk.

FRB approval is not required for us to acquire a company (other than a bank holding company, bank
or savings association) engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to
activities that are financial in nature, as determined by the FRB. Prior FRB approval is required
before we may acquire the beneficial ownership or control of more than 5% of the voting shares or
substantially all of the assets of a bank holding company, bank or savings association.

3 

Because we are a financial holding company, if any of our subsidiary banks receives a rating under
the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, as amended (CRA), of less than satisfactory, we will be
prohibited, until the rating is raised to satisfactory or better, from engaging in new activities
or acquiring companies other than bank holding companies, banks or savings associations, except
that we could engage in new activities, or acquire companies engaged in activities, that are
closely related to banking under the BHC Act. In addition, if the FRB finds that any of our
subsidiary banks is not well capitalized or well managed, we would be required to enter into an
agreement with the FRB to comply with all applicable capital and management requirements and which
may contain additional limitations or conditions. Until corrected, we would not be able to engage
in any new activity or acquire companies engaged in activities that are not closely related to
banking under the BHC Act without prior FRB approval. If we fail to correct any such condition
within a prescribed period, the FRB could order us to divest our banking subsidiaries or, in the
alternative, to cease engaging in activities other than those closely related to banking under the
BHC Act.

We became a financial holding company effective March 13, 2000. We continue to maintain our status
as a bank holding company for purposes of other FRB regulations.

Interstate Banking . Under the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Act (Riegle-Neal Act),
a bank holding company may acquire banks in states other than its home state, subject to any state
requirement that the bank has been organized and operating for a minimum period of time, not to
exceed five years, and the requirement that the bank holding company not control, prior to or
following the proposed acquisition, more than 10% of the total amount of deposits of insured
depository institutions nationwide or, unless the acquisition is the bank holding company s initial
entry into the state, more than 30% of such deposits in the state (or such lesser or greater amount
set by the state).

The Riegle-Neal Act also authorizes banks to merge across state lines, thereby creating interstate
branches. Banks are also permitted to acquire and to establish new branches in other states where
authorized under the laws of those states.

Regulatory Approval.  In determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition, federal bank
regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition,
financial condition, and future prospects including current and projected capital ratios and
levels, the competence, experience, and integrity of management and record of compliance with laws
and regulations, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including the acquiring
institution s record of compliance under the CRA, and the effectiveness of the acquiring
institution in combating money laundering activities.

Dividend Restrictions 

The Parent is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiary banks and other
subsidiaries. A significant source of funds to pay dividends on its common and preferred stock and
principal and interest on its debt is dividends from its subsidiaries. Various federal and state
statutory provisions and regulations limit the amount of dividends the Parent s subsidiary banks
and certain other subsidiaries may pay without regulatory approval. For information about the
restrictions applicable to the Parent s subsidiary banks, see Note 3 (Cash, Loan and Dividend
Restrictions) to Financial Statements included in the 2007 Annual Report to Stockholders.

4 

Federal bank regulatory agencies have the authority to prohibit the Parent s subsidiary banks from
engaging in unsafe or unsound practices in conducting their businesses. The payment of dividends,
depending on the financial condition of the bank in question, could be deemed an unsafe or unsound
practice. The ability of the Parent s subsidiary banks to pay dividends in the future is currently,
and could be further, influenced by bank regulatory policies and capital guidelines.

Holding Company Structure 

Transfer of Funds from Subsidiary Banks.  The Parent s subsidiary banks are subject to restrictions
under federal law that limit the transfer of funds or other items of value from such subsidiaries
to the Parent and its nonbank subsidiaries (including affiliates) in so-called  covered
transactions.  In general, covered transactions include loans and other extensions of credit,
investments and asset purchases, as well as certain other transactions involving the transfer of
value from a subsidiary bank to an affiliate or for the benefit of an affiliate. Unless an
exemption applies, covered transactions by a subsidiary bank with a single affiliate are limited to
10% of the subsidiary bank s capital and surplus and, with respect to all covered transactions with
affiliates in the aggregate, to 20% of the subsidiary bank s capital and surplus. Also, loans and
extensions of credit to affiliates generally are required to be secured in specified amounts. A
bank s transactions with its nonbank affiliates are also generally required to be on arm s length
terms.

Source of Strength.  The FRB has a policy that a bank holding company is expected to act as a
source of financial and managerial strength to each of its subsidiary banks and, under appropriate
circumstances, to commit resources to support each such subsidiary bank. This support may be
required at times when the bank holding company may not have the resources to provide the support.

The OCC may order an assessment of the Parent if the capital of one of its national bank
subsidiaries were to become impaired. If the Parent failed to pay the assessment within three
months, the OCC could order the sale of the Parent s stock in the national bank to cover the
deficiency.

Capital loans by the Parent to any of its subsidiary banks are subordinate in right of payment to
deposits and certain other indebtedness of the subsidiary bank. In addition, in the event of the
Parent s bankruptcy, any commitment by the Parent to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain
the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a
priority of payment.

Depositor Preference.  The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (FDI Act) provides that, in the event of
the  liquidation or other resolution  of an insured depository institution, the claims of
depositors of the institution (including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors)
and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver will have priority over
other general unsecured claims against the institution. If an insured depository institution fails,
insured and uninsured depositors, along with the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of
unsecured, nondeposit creditors, including the Parent, with respect to any extensions of credit
they have made to such insured depository institution.

5 

Liability of Commonly Controlled Institutions.  All of the Company s subsidiary banks are insured
by the FDIC. FDIC-insured depository institutions can be held liable for any loss incurred, or
reasonably expected to be incurred, by the FDIC due to the default of an FDIC-insured depository
institution controlled by the same bank holding company, and for any assistance provided by the
FDIC to an FDIC-insured depository institution that is in danger of default and that is controlled
by the same bank holding company.  Default  means generally the appointment of a conservator or
receiver.  In danger of default  means generally the existence of certain conditions indicating
that a default is likely to occur in the absence of regulatory assistance.

Capital Requirements 

We are subject to regulatory capital requirements and guidelines imposed by the FRB, which are
substantially similar to those imposed by the OCC and the FDIC on depository institutions within
their jurisdictions. Under these guidelines, a depository institution s or a holding company s
assets and certain specified off-balance sheet commitments and obligations are assigned to various
risk categories. A depository institution s or holding company s capital, in turn, is classified
into one of three tiers. Tier 1 capital includes common equity, noncumulative perpetual preferred
stock, a limited amount of cumulative perpetual preferred stock at the holding company level, and
minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries, less goodwill and certain other
deductions. Tier 2 capital includes, among other things, perpetual preferred stock not qualified as
Tier 1 capital, subordinated debt, and allowances for loan and lease losses, subject to certain
limitations. Tier 3 capital includes qualifying unsecured subordinated debt. At least one-half of a
bank s total capital must qualify as Tier 1 capital.

National banks and bank holding companies currently are required to maintain Tier 1 capital and the
sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital equal to at least 4% and 8%, respectively, of their total
risk-weighted assets (including certain off-balance sheet items, such as standby letters of
credit). The federal bank regulatory agencies may, however, set higher capital requirements for an
individual bank or when a bank s particular circumstances warrant. The FRB may also set higher
capital requirements for holding companies whose circumstances warrant it. For example, holding
companies experiencing internal growth or making acquisitions are expected to maintain strong
capital positions substantially above the minimum supervisory levels, without significant reliance
on intangible assets. Also, the FRB considers a  tangible Tier 1 leverage ratio  (deducting all
intangibles) and other indications of capital strength in evaluating proposals for expansion or
engaging in new activities.

Effective April 1, 2002, the FRB, OCC and FDIC issued new rules that establish minimum capital
requirements for equity investments in nonfinancial companies. These rules impose a capital charge
that increases incrementally as the level of nonfinancial equity investments increases relative to
Tier 1 capital. These capital charges range from Tier 1 capital charges of 8% to 25% of the
adjusted carrying value of the nonfinancial equity investments.

The FRB, OCC and FDIC rules also require us to incorporate market and interest rate risk components
into our regulatory capital computations. Under the market risk requirements, capital is allocated
to support the amount of market risk related to a financial institution s ongoing trading
activities.

6 

In June 2004, the Basel Committee on Bank Supervision published new international guidelines for
determining regulatory capital that are designed to be more risk sensitive than the existing
framework and to promote enhanced risk management practices among large, internationally active
banking organizations. The United States federal bank regulatory agencies each approved a final
rule similar to the international guidelines in November 2007. This new advance capital adequacy
framework is known as  Basel II,  and is intended to more closely align regulatory capital
requirements with actual risks. Basel II incorporates three pillars that address (a) capital
adequacy, (b) supervisory review, which relates to the computation of capital and internal
assessment processes, and (c) market discipline, through increased disclosure requirements.
Embodied within these pillars are aspects of risk strategy, measurement and management that relate
to credit risk, market risk, and operational risk. Banking organizations are required to enhance
the measurement and management of those risks through the use of advanced approaches for
calculating risk-based capital requirements. Under the final rule, banks subject to the rule must
develop an implementation plan within six months of the rule s effective date with the transitional
period for capital calculation to begin within 36 months of the effective date of the final rule.
Basel II includes safeguards that include a requirement that banking organizations conduct a
parallel run over a period of four consecutive calendar quarters for measuring regulatory capital
under the new regulatory capital rules and the existing general risk-based capital rules before
solely operating under the Basel II framework; a requirement that an institution satisfactorily
complete a series of transitional periods before operating under Basel II without floors; and a
commitment by the federal bank regulatory agencies to conduct ongoing analysis of the framework to
ensure Basel II is working as intended. The first possible year for a bank to begin its parallel
run is 2008. Following a successful parallel run period, a banking organization would have to
progress through three transitional periods (each lasting at least one year), during which there
would be floors on potential declines in risk-based capital requirements as calculated under the
current rules. Those transitional floors provide for maximum cumulative reductions of required
risk-based capital of 5% during the first year of implementation, 10% in the second year and 15% in
the third year. 2009 is the first possible year a bank may begin its first of the three
transitional floor periods. A banking organization will need approval from its primary Federal
regulator to move into each of the transitional floor periods, and at the end of the third
transitional floor period to move to full implementation. We continue to analyze the Basel II
capital standards and have established a project management infrastructure to address and meet the
new regulations.

In addition, the federal bank regulatory agencies have established minimum leverage (Tier 1 capital
to adjusted average total assets) guidelines for banks within their regulatory jurisdiction. These
guidelines provide for a minimum leverage ratio of 3% for banks that meet certain specified
criteria, including excellent asset quality, high liquidity, low interest rate exposure and the
highest regulatory rating. Institutions not meeting these criteria are required to maintain a
leverage ratio of 4%. Our Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratio as of
December 31, 2007 are included in Note 26 (Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements) to Financial
Statements included in the 2007 Annual Report to Stockholders.

From time to time, the FRB and the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC)
propose changes and amendments to, and issue interpretations of, risk-based capital guidelines and
related reporting instructions. Such proposals or interpretations could, if implemented in the
future, affect our reported capital ratios and net risk-adjusted assets.

7 

As an additional means to identify problems in the financial management of depository institutions,
the FDI Act requires federal bank regulatory agencies to establish certain non-capital safety and
soundness standards for institutions for which they are the primary federal regulator. The
standards relate generally to operations and management, asset quality, interest rate exposure and
executive compensation. The agencies are authorized to take action against institutions that fail
to meet such standards.

The FDI Act requires federal bank regulatory agencies to take  prompt corrective action  with
respect to FDIC-insured depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. A
depository institution s treatment for purposes of the prompt corrective action provisions will
depend upon how its capital levels compare to various capital measures and certain other factors,
as established by regulation.

Deposit Insurance Assessments 

Our bank subsidiaries, including Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., are members of the Deposit Insurance Fund
(DIF) maintained by the FDIC. Through the DIF, the FDIC insures the deposits of our banks up to
prescribed limits for each depositor. The DIF was formed March 31, 2006, upon the merger of the
Bank Insurance Fund and the Savings Insurance Fund in accordance with the Federal Deposit Insurance
Reform Act of 2005. The Act established a range of 1.15% to 1.50% within which the FDIC Board of
Directors may set the Designated Reserve Ratio (DRR). The current target DRR is 1.25%. However, the
Act has eliminated the restrictions on premium rates based on the DRR and grants the FDIC Board the
discretion to price deposit insurance according to risk for all insured institutions regardless of
the level of the reserve ratio.

To maintain the DIF, member institutions are assessed an insurance premium based on their deposits
and their institutional risk category. The FDIC determines an institution s risk category by
combining its supervisory ratings with its financial ratios and other risk measures. For large
institutions (assets of $10 billion or more), the FDIC generally determines risk by combining
supervisory ratings with the institution s long-term debt issuer ratings. The FDIC has established
four risk categories, with assessment rates for 2007 ranging from a minimum of 5 cents per $100 of
domestic deposits for well managed, well capitalized banks with the highest credit ratings, to 43
cents for institutions posing the most risk to the DIF. The FDIC may increase or decrease the
assessment rate schedule quarterly.

To offset assessments, a member institution may apply certain one time credits, based on the
institution s (or its successor s) assessment base as of the end of 1996. An institution may apply
available credits up to 100% of assessments in 2007, and up to 90% of assessments in each of 2008,
2009 and 2010. Based on available credits, we did not incur a significant increase in total deposit
insurance expense in 2007 under the new assessment schedule. There is no assurance that after 2007
we will have sufficient credits to apply to deposit insurance assessments or that our assessment
rate will not increase significantly, which, depending on the extent of change, could have a
material adverse effect on our earnings.

The FDIC may terminate a depository institution s deposit insurance upon a finding that the
institution s financial condition is unsafe or unsound or that the institution has engaged in
unsafe or unsound practices or has violated any applicable rule, regulation, order or condition
enacted or imposed by the institution s regulatory agency. The termination of deposit insurance for
one or

8 

more of our bank subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, depending on
the collective size of the particular banks involved.

All FDIC-insured depository institutions must also pay an annual assessment to interest payments on
bonds issued by the Financing Corporation, a federal corporation chartered under the authority of
the Federal Housing Finance Board. The bonds (commonly referred to as FICO bonds) were issued to
capitalize the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation. FDIC-insured depository institutions
paid approximately 1.14 to 1.22 cents per $100 of assessable deposits in 2007. The FDIC established
the FICO assessment rate effective for the first quarter of 2008 at approximately 1.14 cents
annually per $100 of assessable deposits. This separate FICO assessment cannot be offset with any
one time credits.

Fiscal and Monetary Policies 

Our business and earnings are affected significantly by the fiscal and monetary policies of the
federal government and its agencies. We are particularly affected by the policies of the FRB, which
regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Among the instruments of monetary
policy available to the FRB are (a) conducting open market operations in United States government
securities, (b) changing the discount rates of borrowings of depository institutions, (c) imposing
or changing reserve requirements against depository institutions  deposits, and (d) imposing or
changing reserve requirements against certain borrowings by banks and their affiliates. These
methods are used in varying degrees and combinations to directly affect the availability of bank
loans and deposits, as well as the interest rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. The
policies of the FRB may have a material effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition.

Privacy Provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and Restrictions on Cross-Selling 

Federal banking regulators, as required under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the GLB Act), have
adopted rules limiting the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose nonpublic
information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. The rules require disclosure of privacy
policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain
personal information to nonaffiliated third parties. The privacy provisions of the GLB Act affect
how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial services companies and
conveyed to outside vendors.

Federal financial regulators have issued regulations under the Fair and Accurate Credit
Transactions Act (the FACT Act) which have the effect of increasing the length of the waiting
period, after privacy disclosures are provided to new customers, before information can be shared
among different Wells Fargo companies for the purpose of cross-selling Wells Fargo s products and
services. This may result in certain cross-sell programs being less effective than they have been
in the past. Wells Fargo must comply with these regulations no later than October 1, 2008.

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley) implemented a broad range of corporate governance
and accounting measures to increase corporate responsibility, to provide for

9 

enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies, and to
protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of disclosures under federal securities
laws. We are subject to Sarbanes-Oxley because we are required to file periodic reports with the
SEC under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Among other things, Sarbanes-Oxley and/or its
implementing regulations have established new membership requirements and additional
responsibilities for our audit committee, imposed restrictions on the relationship between us and
our outside auditors (including restrictions on the types of non-audit services our auditors may
provide to us), imposed additional responsibilities for our external financial statements on our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, expanded the disclosure requirements for our
corporate insiders, required our management to evaluate our disclosure controls and procedures and
our internal control over financial reporting, and required our auditors to issue a report on our
internal control over financial reporting. The NYSE has imposed a number of new corporate
governance requirements as well.

Patriot Act 

The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and
Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Patriot Act) is intended to strengthen the ability of U.S. law
enforcement agencies and intelligence communities to work together to combat terrorism on a variety
of fronts. The Patriot Act has significant implications for depository institutions, brokers,
dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The Patriot Act requires us to
implement new or revised policies and procedures relating to anti-money laundering, compliance,
suspicious activities, and currency transaction reporting and due diligence on customers. The
Patriot Act also requires federal bank regulators to evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in
combating money laundering in determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition.

Future Legislation 

Various legislation, including proposals to change substantially the financial institution
regulatory system, is from time to time introduced in Congress. This legislation may change banking
statutes and our operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways. If enacted, this
legislation could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible
activities or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and
other financial institutions. We cannot predict whether any of this potential legislation will be
enacted and, if enacted, the effect that it, or any implementing regulations, would have on our
business, results of operations or financial condition.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

Additional information in response to this Item 1 can be found in the 2007 Annual Report to
Stockholders under  Financial Review  on pages 34-71 and under  Financial Statements  on pages
74-129. That information is incorporated into this report by reference.

10 

ITEM 1A.  
       
      RISK FACTORS  

Information in response to this Item 1A can be found in this report on pages 2-10 and in the 2007
Annual Report to Stockholders under  Financial Review   Risk Factors  on pages 66-71. That
information is incorporated into this report by reference.

ITEM 1B.  
       
      UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  

Not applicable.

ITEM 2.  
       
      PROPERTIES  

We own our corporate headquarters building in San Francisco, California. We also own administrative
facilities in Anchorage, Alaska; Chandler, Phoenix, and Tempe, Arizona; San Francisco, California;
Minneapolis and Shoreview, Minnesota; Billings, Montana; Albuquerque, New Mexico; Portland, Oregon;
Sioux Falls, South Dakota; and Salt Lake City, Utah. In addition, we lease office space for various
administrative departments in major locations in Arizona, California, Colorado, Minnesota, Oregon,
Texas and Utah.

As of December 31, 2007, we provided banking, insurance, investments, mortgage and consumer finance
from almost 6,000 stores under various types of ownership and leasehold agreements. We own the
Wells Fargo Home Mortgage (Home Mortgage) headquarters in West Des Moines, Iowa and
operations/servicing centers in Springfield, Illinois; West Des Moines, Iowa; and Minneapolis,
Minnesota. We lease administrative space for Home Mortgage in Tempe, Arizona; San Bernardino,
California; Des Moines, Iowa; Frederick, Maryland; Minneapolis, Minnesota; St. Louis, Missouri;
Fort Mill, South Carolina; and all mortgage production offices nationwide. We own the Wells Fargo
Financial, Inc. (WFFI) headquarters and six administrative buildings in Des Moines, Iowa, and an
operations center in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. We lease administrative space for WFFI in Tempe,
Arizona; Lake Mary, Florida; Des Moines, Iowa; Kansas City, Kansas; Greenbelt, Maryland;
Minneapolis, Minnesota; Las Vegas, Nevada; Mississauga, Ontario; Bethlehem and Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania; San Juan, Puerto Rico; Aberdeen, South Dakota; and all store locations.

We are also a joint venture partner in an office building in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

Additional information in response to this Item 2 can be found in the 2007 Annual Report to
Stockholders under  Financial Statements   Notes to Financial Statements   Note 7 (Premises,
Equipment, Lease Commitments and Other Assets)  on page 91. That information is incorporated into
this report by reference.

ITEM 3.  
       
      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

Information in response to this Item 3 can be found in the 2007 Annual Report to Stockholders under
 Financial Statements   Notes to Financial Statements   Note 15 (Guarantees and Legal Actions) 
on page 100. That information is incorporated into this report by reference.

11 

ITEM 4.  
       
      SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS  

Not applicable.

EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

Information
relating to the Company s executive officers is included in
Item 10 of this report.

PART II 

ITEM 5.  
       
      MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF
EQUITY SECURITIES  

MARKET INFORMATION 

The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The Quarterly Financial Data
table on page 130 of the 2007 Annual Report to Stockholders provides the quarterly prices of, and
quarterly dividends paid on, the Company s common stock for the two-year period ended December 31,
2007, and is incorporated herein by reference. Prices shown represent the daily high and low and
the quarter-end sale prices of the Company s common stock as reported on the New York Stock
Exchange Composite Transaction Reporting System for the periods indicated. At January 31, 2008,
there were 91,462 holders of record of the Company s common stock.

DIVIDENDS 

The dividend restrictions discussions on pages 4-5 of this report and in the 2007 Annual Report to
Stockholders under  Financial Statements   Notes to Financial Statements   Note 3 (Cash, Loan and
Dividend Restrictions)  on page 85 are incorporated into this report by reference.

12 

REPURCHASES OF COMMON STOCK 

The following table shows Company s repurchases of its common stock for each calendar month in the
quarter ended December 31, 2007.

(1) 
       
     All shares were repurchased under two authorizations covering up to 50 million and 75
million shares of common stock approved by the Board of Directors and publicly announced by
the Company on August 6, 2007, and November 7, 2007, respectively. Unless modified or revoked
by the Board, the authorizations do not expire. 

ITEM 6.  
       
      SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  

Information in response to this Item 6 can be found in the 2007 Annual Report to Stockholders under
 Financial Review  in Table 1 on page 36. That information is incorporated into this report by
reference.

ITEM 7.  
       
      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Information in response to this Item 7 can be found in the 2007 Annual Report to Stockholders under
 Financial Review  on pages 34-71. That information is incorporated into this report by reference.

ITEM 7A.  
       
      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Information in response to this Item 7A can be found in the 2007 Annual Report to Stockholders
under  Financial Review   Risk Management   Asset/Liability and Market Risk Management  on pages
60-63. That information is incorporated into this report by reference.

ITEM 8.  
       
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  

Information in response to this Item 8 can be found in the 2007 Annual Report to Stockholders under
 Financial Statements  on pages 74-129 and under  Quarterly Financial Data  on page 130. That
information is incorporated into this report by reference.

13 

ITEM 9.  
       
      CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  

Not applicable.

ITEM 9A.  
       
      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Information in response to this Item 9A can be found in the 2007 Annual Report to Stockholders
under  Controls and Procedures  on pages 72-73. That information is incorporated into this report
by reference.

ITEM 9B.  
       
      OTHER INFORMATION  

Not applicable.

PART III 

ITEM 10.  
       
      DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

Howard I. Atkins (age 57)

Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2005;

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from August 2001 to August 2005.

Mr. Atkins has served with the Company for 6 years.

David A. Hoyt (age 52)

Senior Executive Vice President since August 2005;

Group Executive Vice President (Wholesale Banking) from November 1998 to August
2005.

Mr. Hoyt has served with the Company or its predecessors for 26 years.

Richard M. Kovacevich (age 64)

Chairman since June 2007;

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from August 2005 to June 2007;

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer from April 2001 to August 2005.

Mr. Kovacevich has served with the Company or its predecessors for 22 years.

Richard D. Levy (age 50)

Executive Vice President and Controller since February 2007;

Senior Vice President and Controller from September 2002 to February 2007;

Senior Vice President and Controller of New York Life Insurance Company from September 1997
to August 2002.

Mr. Levy has served with the Company for 5 years.

14 

Michael J. Loughlin (age 52)

Executive Vice President (Chief Credit Officer) since April 2006;

Deputy Chief Credit Officer from January 2006 to April 2006;

Executive Vice President of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. from May 2000 to April 2006.

Mr. Loughlin has served with the Company or its predecessors for 26 years.

Mark C. Oman (age 53)

Senior Executive Vice President since August 2005;

Group Executive Vice President (Home and Consumer Finance) from September 2002 to
August 2005;

Group Executive Vice President (Mortgage and Home Equity) from November 1998 to
August 2002;

Chairman of Wells Fargo Home Mortgage, Inc. (formerly known as Norwest Mortgage, Inc.)
February 1997 until

the
merger with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. in May 2004.

Mr. Oman has served with the Company or its predecessors for 28 years.

James M. Strother (age 56)

Executive Vice President and General Counsel since January 2004;

Deputy General Counsel from June 2001 to December 2003.

Mr. Strother has served with the Company or its predecessors for 21 years.

John G. Stumpf (age 54)

President and Chief Executive Officer since June 2007;

President and Chief Operating Officer from August 2005 to June 2007;

Group Executive Vice President (Community Banking) from July 2002 to August 2005.

Mr. Stumpf has served with the Company or its predecessors for 26 years.

Carrie L. Tolstedt (age 48)

Senior Executive Vice President (Community Banking) since June 2007;

Group Executive Vice President (Regional Banking) from July 2002 to June 2007.

Ms. Tolstedt has served with the Company or its predecessors for 18 years.

Julie M. White (age 53)

Group Executive Vice President (Human Resources) since June 2007;

Executive Vice President (Human Resources Wells Fargo Home and Consumer Finance Group) from March 1998

to June 2007.

Ms. White has served with the Company or its predecessors for 21 years.

There is no family relationship between any of the Company s executive officers or directors. All
executive officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors.

15 

AUDIT COMMITTEE INFORMATION 

The Audit and Examination Committee is a standing audit committee of the Board of Directors
established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The
Committee has seven members: Lloyd H. Dean, Enrique Hernandez, Jr., Robert L. Joss, Cynthia H.
Milligan, Nicholas G. Moore, Philip J. Quigley and Susan G. Swenson. Each member is independent, as
independence for audit committee members is defined by New York Stock Exchange rules. The Board of
Directors has determined, in its business judgment, that each member of the Committee is
financially literate, as required by New York Stock Exchange rules, and that each qualifies as an
 audit committee financial expert  as defined by Securities and Exchange Commission regulations.

CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT 

The Company s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for team members (including executive officers),
Director Code of Ethics, the Company s corporate governance guidelines, and the charters for the
Audit and Examination, Governance and Nominating, Human Resources, Credit, and Finance Committees
are available at www.wellsfargo.com (select  About Us,  then  Corporate Governance ). This
information is also available in print to any stockholder upon written request to the Office of the
Secretary, Wells Fargo   Company, MAC N9305-173, Wells Fargo Center, Sixth and Marquette,
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

Additional information in response to this Item 10 can be found in the 2008 Proxy Statement under
 Ownership of Our Common Stock   Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  and
 Item 1   Election of Directors   Director Nominees for Election  and   Other Matters Relating
to Directors.  That information is incorporated into this report by reference.

ITEM 11.  
       
      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

Information in response to this Item 11 can be found in the 2008 Proxy Statement under  Item 1 
Election of Directors   Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation  and
  Director Compensation,  under  Executive Compensation  (other than  Human Resources Committee  
Executive Compensation Process and Procedures ) and under  Information About Related Persons  
Related Person Transactions.  That information is incorporated into this report by reference.

ITEM 12.  
       
      SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS  

Information in response to this Item 12 can be found in the 2008 Proxy Statement under  Ownership
of Our Common Stock  and under  Equity Compensation Plan Information.  That information is
incorporated into this report by reference.

16 

ITEM 13.  
       
      CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

Information in response to this Item 13 can be found in the 2008 Proxy Statement under  Corporate
Governance   Director Independence  and under  Information About Related Persons.  That
information is incorporated into this report by reference.

ITEM 14.  
       
      PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES  

Information in response to this Item 14 can be found in the 2008 Proxy Statement under  Item 2  
Appointment of Independent Auditors   KPMG Fees  and   Audit and Examination Committee
Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures.  That information is incorporated into this report by
reference.

PART IV 

ITEM 15.  
       
      EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  

1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company s consolidated financial statements, include the notes thereto, and the report of the
independent registered public accounting firm thereon, are set forth on pages 74 through 129 of the
2007 Annual Report to Stockholders, incorporated herein by reference.

2.  FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

All financial statement schedules for the Company have been included in the consolidated financial
statements or the related footnotes, or are either inapplicable or not required.

3.  EXHIBITS 

A list of exhibits to this Form 10-K is set forth on the Exhibit Index immediately preceding such
exhibits and is incorporated into this report by reference.

Stockholders may obtain a copy of any of the following exhibits, upon payment of a reasonable fee,
by writing to Wells Fargo   Company, Office of the Secretary, Wells Fargo Center, N9305-173, Sixth
and Marquette, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479.

The Company s SEC file number is 001-2979. On and before November 2, 1998, the Company filed
documents with the SEC under the name Norwest Corporation. The former Wells Fargo   Company filed
documents under SEC file number 001-6214.

17 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized, on February 29, 2008.

WELLS FARGO   COMPANY  

By:   

 /s/ JOHN G. STUMPF 

John G. Stumpf  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.

By:   

 /s/ HOWARD I. ATKINS 

Howard I. Atkins  

Senior Executive Vice President and  Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) February 29, 2008  

By:   

 /s/ RICHARD D. LEVY 

Richard D. Levy  

Executive Vice President and Controller 
(Principal Accounting Officer) February 29, 2008  

The Directors of Wells Fargo   Company listed below have duly executed powers of attorney
empowering Philip J. Quigley to sign this document on their behalf.

John S. Chen

Nicholas G. Moore 

Lloyd H. Dean

Donald B. Rice 

Susan E. Engel

Judith M. Runstad 

Enrique Hernandez, Jr.

Stephen W. Sanger 

Robert L. Joss

John G. Stumpf 

Richard M. Kovacevich

Susan G. Swenson 

Richard D. McCormick

Michael W. Wright 

Cynthia H. Milligan 

By:   
     /s/ PHILIP J. QUIGLEY 

Philip J. Quigley  

Director and Attorney-in-fact February 29, 2008  

18 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

Number

Description

Location

3(a)

Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 3.1 to the
Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K
filed September 28,
2006. 

3(b)

Certificate of Designations for the Company s 2007
ESOP Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 3(a) to the
Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K
filed March 19,
2007. 

3(c)

Certificate Eliminating the Certificate of
Designations for the Company s 1997 ESOP Cumulative
Convertible Preferred Stock.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 3(b) to the
Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K
filed March 19,
2007. 

3(d)

By-Laws.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 3 to the
Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K
filed December 4,
2006. 

4(a)

See Exhibits 3(a) through 3(d). 

4(b)

The Company agrees to furnish upon request to the
Commission a copy of each instrument defining the
rights of holders of senior and subordinated debt of
the Company. 

10(a)*

Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10 to the
Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K
filed May 2, 2005. 

Amendment to Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan,
effective August 1, 2005.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(a) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended
September 30, 2005. 

Amendment to Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan,
effective August 4, 2006.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(a) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended
September 30, 2006. 

Amendment to Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan,
effective January 1, 2007.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(a) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March
31, 2007. 

Amendment to Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan,
effective February 28, 2007.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(a) to
the Company s
Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the
year ended December
31, 2006. 

Amendments to Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan,
effective January 1, 2008.

Filed herewith. 

Action of Human Resources Committee Specifying  Fair
Market Value  for February 27, 2007 Option Grants
Under the Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan and
for Option Exercises Involving a Market Transaction.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(a) to
the Company s
Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the
year ended December
31, 2006. 

Forms of Award Term Sheet for grants of restricted
share rights.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(a) to
the Company s
Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the
year ended December
31, 1999. 

* 
       
     Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

19 

20 

Exhibit 

Number

Description

Location

10(f)* 

Action of Governance and Nominating Committee
Increasing Amount of Formula Stock and Option Awards
Under Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan,
effective January 1, 2007.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(f) to
the Company s
Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the
year ended December
31, 2006. 

10(g)*

1990 Director Option Plan for directors of the former
Wells Fargo.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(c) to
the former Wells
Fargo s Annual
Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended
December 31, 1997. 

10(h)*

1987 Director Option Plan for directors of the former
Wells Fargo; and

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit A to the
former Wells
Fargo s Proxy
Statement filed
March 10, 1995. 

Amendment to 1987 Director Option Plan, effective
September 16, 1997.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10 to the
former Wells
Fargo s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter
ended September 30,
1997. 

10(i)*

Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors
of the former Norwest.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(c) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended
September 30, 1999. 

Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan for
Non-Employee Directors, effective November 1, 2000.

Filed as paragraph
(4) of Exhibit
10(ff) to the
Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended
December 31, 2000. 

Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan for
Non-Employee Directors, effective January 1, 2004.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(a) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended
September 30, 2003. 

10(j)*

Directors  Stock Deferral Plan for directors of the
former Norwest.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(d) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended
September 30, 1999. 

Amendment to Directors  Stock Deferral Plan,
effective November 1, 2000.

Filed as paragraph
(5) of Exhibit
10(ff) to the
Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended
December 31, 2000. 

Amendment to Directors  Stock Deferral Plan,
effective January 1, 2004.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(c) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended
September 30, 2003. 

10(k)*

Directors  Formula Stock Award Plan for directors of
the former Norwest.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(e) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended
September 30, 1999. 

Amendment to Directors  Formula Stock Award Plan,
effective November 1, 2000.

Filed as paragraph
(6) of Exhibit
10(ff) to the
Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended
December 31, 2000. 

Amendment to Directors  Formula Stock Award Plan,
effective January 1, 2004.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(b) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended
September 30, 2003. 

10(l)*

Deferral Plan for Directors of the former Wells Fargo.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(b) to
the former Wells
Fargo s Annual
Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended
December 31, 1997. 

21 

Exhibit 

Number

Description

Location

10(l)*

Amendment
to Deferral Plan, effective January 1, 2004.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(d) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended
September 30, 2003. 

10(m)*

Supplemental 401(k) Plan.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(a) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March
31, 2005. 

Amendment to Supplemental 401(k) Plan, effective
August 4, 2006.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(e) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended
September 30, 2006. 

10(n)*

Supplemental Cash Balance Plan.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(b) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March
31, 2005. 

10(o)*

Supplemental Long-Term Disability Plan.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(f) to
the Company s
Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the
year ended December
31, 1990. 

Amendment
to Supplemental Long-Term Disability Plan.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(g) to
the Company s
Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the
year ended December
31, 1992. 

10(p)*

Agreement between the Company and Richard M.
Kovacevich dated March 18, 1991.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 19(e) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March
31, 1991. 

Amendment effective January 1, 1995, to the March 18,
1991, agreement between the Company and Richard M.
Kovacevich.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(c) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March
31, 1995. 

Cancellation Agreement, effective February 28, 2006,
between the Company and Richard M. Kovacevich.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(b) to
the Company s
Current Report on
Form 8-K filed
March 6, 2006. 

10(q)*

Agreement, dated July 11, 2001, between the Company
and Howard I. Atkins.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10 to the
Company s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter
ended September 30,
2001. 

10(r)*

Agreement between the Company and Mark C. Oman, dated
May 7, 1999.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(y) to
the Company s
Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the
year ended December
31, 1999. 

10(s)*

Form of severance agreement between the Company and
Richard M. Kovacevich and Mark C. Oman.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(ee) to
the Company s
Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the
year ended December
31, 1998. 

Amendment effective January 1, 1995, to the March 11,
1991, agreement between the Company and Richard M.
Kovacevich.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(b) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March
31, 1995. 

Cancellation Agreement, effective December 21, 2005,
between the Company and Richard M. Kovacevich.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10 to the
Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K
filed December 22,
2005. 

Cancellation Agreement, effective November 28, 2006,
between the Company and Mark C. Oman.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10 to the
Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K
filed December 4,
2006. 

22 

Exhibit 

Number

Description

Location

10(t)*

Description of Relocation Program.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(y) to
the Company s
Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the
year ended December
31, 2003. 

10(u)*

Description of Executive Financial Planning Program.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(w) to
the Company s
Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the
year ended December
31, 2004. 

10(v)

PartnerShares Stock Option Plan.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(x) to
the Company s
Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the
year ended December
31, 2004. 

Amendment to PartnerShares Stock Option Plan,
effective August 1, 2005.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(c) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended
September 30, 2005. 

Amendment to PartnerShares Stock Option Plan,
effective August 4, 2006.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(c) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended
September 30, 2006. 

Amendment to PartnerShares Stock Option Plan,
effective January 1, 2007.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(g) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March
31, 2007. 

Amendment to PartnerShares Stock Option Plan,
effective January 22, 2008.

Filed herewith. 

10(w)*

Agreement, dated July 26, 2002, between the Company
and Richard D. Levy, including a description of his
executive transfer bonus.

Incorporated by
reference to
Exhibit 10(d) to
the Company s
Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended
September 30, 2002. 

10(x)

Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan for
Independent Contractors.

Filed herewith. 

10(y)*

Description of Chairman/CEO Retirement Policy.

Filed herewith. 

12(a)

Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges:

Filed herewith. 

12(b)

Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
       
     Filed herewith. 

and Preferred Dividends: 

23 

Exhibit 

Number

Description

Location

13

2007 Annual Report to Stockholders, pages 33 through
129.

Filed herewith. 

21

Subsidiaries of the Company.

Filed herewith. 

23

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm.

Filed herewith. 

24

Powers of Attorney.

Filed herewith. 

31(a)

Certification of principal executive officer pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Filed herewith. 

31(b)

Certification of principal financial officer pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Filed herewith. 

32(a)

Certification of Periodic Financial Report by Chief
Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and 18 U.S.C.   1350.

Furnished herewith. 

32(b)

Certification of Periodic Financial Report by Chief
Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and 18 U.S.C.   1350.

Furnished herewith. 

24 

<EX-10.(A)>
 2
 f38267exv10wxay.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.(A)

exv10wxay 

Exhibit 10(a)  
  Amendments to Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan   

The Wells Fargo   Company Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan is amended effective as of January
1, 2008 as set forth below. None of these amendments shall apply to Awards and to portions of
Awards that were outstanding and vested prior to January 1, 2005. As indicated below, some of
these amendments shall apply only to Awards granted on or after January 1, 2008.

1. The following new definition is inserted in Section 2.1, and all subsequent definitions in that
section are relettered accordingly:

(bb) 
       
      Specified Employee  means a Participant who is a  specified employee  within
the meaning of Treas. Reg.  1.409A-1(i), as determined in a uniform manner by the
Company or its duly authorized representative for purposes of this Plan and all other
nonqualified deferred compensation plans maintained by the Company and its affiliates. 

2. The following is substituted for the third sentence of Section 6.5:

Payment shall be made in a single lump sum on such date after the end of the applicable
Performance Cycle as the Committee establishes at the time the Award is granted, subject to
such terms and conditions and in such form as may be prescribed by the Committee. The
payment date so established by the Committee shall not be later than March 1 of the year
after the year in which the Performance Cycle ends.

3. The phrase  or Restricted Share Rights,  is deleted from the last sentence of Section 6.5.

4. With respect to Awards granted on or after January 1, 2008 only, the following new sentence is
added at the end of Section 9.2:

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 9.2 to the contrary, settlement of Restricted Share
Rights shall be completed not later than March 1 of the year after the year in which the
vesting restrictions lapse on such Restricted Share Rights.

5. The following is added at the end of Section 9.3:

Any dividend equivalents payable pursuant to this Section 9.3 shall be paid no later than
March 1 of the year after the year in which the applicable dividend record date occurs.

6. With respect to Awards granted on or after January 1, 2008 only, Section 9.4 is revised to read
as follows:

9.4      Termination of Employment . Unless the Committee provides otherwise:

(a) 
       
      Due to Death or Disability . If a Participant ceases to
be an Employee by reason of the Participant s death or permanent disability,
all restrictions on 

the Restricted Share Rights of the Participant shall lapse in accordance
with the terms of the Award as determined by the Committee. 

(b) 
       
      Due to Reasons Other Than Death or Disability . If a
Participant ceases to be an Employee for any reason other than death or
permanent disability, all Restricted Share Rights of the Participant and all
rights to receive dividend equivalents thereon shall immediately terminate
without notice of any kind and shall be forfeited by the Participant. 

7. The following new Section 9.5 is added:

9.5      Settlement of Rights Granted Prior to January 1, 2008 . Notwithstanding anything
in this Section 9 or in the applicable Award Agreements to the contrary, Restricted Share
Rights granted prior to January 1, 2008 that are outstanding on or after that date and that
were not earned and vested prior to January 1, 2005 ( Transition Awards ) shall be subject
to the following terms and conditions:

(a) 
       
     Settlement of the portion of a Transition Award that vests on a
scheduled vesting date shall occur on that scheduled vesting date unless
earlier payment is required pursuant to subsection (d) below. Consistent with
the regulations under Code  409A, payment shall be treated as made on the
scheduled vesting date if it is actually made not later than the later of (i)
December 31 of the year in which the scheduled vesting date occurs or (ii) the
fifteenth day of the third month after the month in which the scheduled vesting
date occurs. 

(b) 
       
     If a Participant ceases to be an Employee by reason of
Retirement prior to the scheduled vesting date for any portion of a Transition
Award and the Transition Award provides for earlier vesting due to Retirement,
the Restricted Share Rights granted by such portion shall be settled prior to
the scheduled vesting date only if the Participant s termination of employment
is a  separation from service  within the meaning of Treas. Reg.  1.409A-1(h). 

(c) 
       
     If a Participant ceases to be an Employee by reason of
permanent disability prior to the scheduled vesting date for any portion of a
Transition Award, the Restricted Share Rights granted by such portion shall be
settled prior to the scheduled vesting date only if the Participant s
termination of employment is a  separation from service  within the meaning of
Treas. Reg.  1.409A-1(h) or if the Participant is considered disabled within
the meaning of Treas. Reg.  1.409A-3(i)(4). 

(d) 
       
     If a Participant s employment terminates due to death, due to a
Retirement that qualifies for early settlement as provided in subsection (b)
above, or due to a permanent disability that qualifies for early settlement as
provided in subsection (c) above, the portions of the Participant s outstanding
Transition Awards that have a scheduled vesting date later than the July 1 

- 2 - 

next following the date on which the Participant s employment terminates
shall be paid on such July 1; provided, however, that if: 

(i) 
       
     the Participant s employment termination is
due to the Participant s  separation from service  within the meaning
of Treas. Reg.  1.409A-1(h) and is not due to the Participant s death
or disability (within the meaning of Treas. Reg.  1.409A-3(i)(4)); and 

(ii) 
       
     such July 1 is less than six months after the
date of the Participant s  separation from service  and 

(iii) 
       
     at the time of his or her  separation from
service  the Participant is a Specified Employee; then the
Participant s outstanding Transition Awards shall be settled on the
earlier of their scheduled vesting date or six months after the date of
the Participant s  separation from service . 

(e) 
       
     Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.5,
if a Participant elected pursuant to Section 22 to defer delivery of any vested
Shares payable pursuant to a Transition Award, such Shares shall be delivered
in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A to this
Plan. 

8. The following is added at the end of Section 10.2:

The terms and conditions of any substitute or replacement award shall meet all requirements
necessary to prevent such substitute or replacement awards from being treated as the grant
of a new stock right or a change in the form of payment within the meaning of the final
regulations under Code  409A.

9. The following is added at the end of Section 11.2:

The terms and conditions of any substitute or replacement award shall meet all requirements
necessary to prevent such substitute or replacement awards from being treated as the grant
of a new stock right or a change in the form of payment within the meaning of the final
regulations under Code  409A.

10. The following new Section 13.3 is added:

13.3 
       
     Notwithstanding anything in this Section 13 to the contrary, if any portion of
an Award that is subject to Code  409A may be distributed upon the event of a
Participant s termination of employment (including but not limited to a termination of
employment that qualifies as a Retirement), the Participant will be deemed to have a
termination of employment with respect to such portion of the Award if and only if the
Participant has a  separation from service  within the meaning of Treas. Reg.
 1.409A-1(h). 

- 3 - 

11. The following is added at the end of Section 14:

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 14 to the contrary, payment of the portion of any
Award that is subject to Code  409A shall not be accelerated pursuant to this Section 14
unless the event also qualifies as a change in the ownership or effective control of the
Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, within
the meaning of Treas. Reg.  1.409A-3(i)(5)(a  qualifying event ). In the event payment of
Shares attributable to Restricted Share Rights is accelerated pursuant to this Section 14,
such payment shall be made 30 days after the qualifying event.

12. The following is added at the end of Section 15:

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 15 to the contrary:

(A)     This Section 15 shall apply to Restricted Share Right, Performance Share or Performance
Unit Awards granted on or after January 1, 2007 without regard to whether the Participant
ceased to be an Employee due to Retirement.

(B)     Payment of the portion of any Restricted Share Right, Performance Share or Performance
Unit Award that is subject to Code  409A shall not be accelerated pursuant to this Section
15 unless the changes in the Board also qualify as a change in the effective control of the
Company within the meaning of Treas. Reg.  1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi).

(C)     Except as provided in (D) below, Shares attributable to Restricted Share Rights that are
payable to a Participant pursuant to this Section 15 shall be paid 30 days after the
Participant s termination of employment.

(D)     Notwithstanding (C) above, the portion of any Restricted Share Right, Performance Share
or Performance Unit Award that is subject to Code  409A and becomes payable to an employee
pursuant to this Section 15 shall be paid six months after the date of such termination of
employment if the employee is a Specified Employee.

13. Section 22 is amended to read as follows:

22. 
       
      Deferral of Payments . With respect to Awards granted before January 1,
2008, the Committee may provide for the deferred delivery of Shares upon settlement,
vesting or other events with respect to Restricted Stock or Restricted Share Rights, or
in payment or satisfaction of an Award of Performance Shares or Performance Units. The
terms and conditions of any such deferred delivery occurring on or after January 1,
2008, and of any deferral election made on or after such date, shall be as set forth in
the applicable Award Agreement and deferral election form, subject, however, to the
terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A to this Plan. This section shall not
apply and no right to defer delivery shall be given with respect to Awards granted on
or after that date. 

- 4 - 

14. A new subsection (d) is added to Section 25:

(d) 
       
     Any adjustment to Options or Stock Appreciation Rights made pursuant to this
Section 25 shall satisfy all requirements necessary to prevent the adjusted Awards from
being treated as the grant of a new stock right or a change in the form of payment
within the meaning of the final regulations under Code  409A. 

15. A new Section 26 is added:

26.      Severability.  If any provision of this Plan is determined to be illegal or
invalid (in whole or in part) for any reason, or if the Plan Administrator cannot reasonably
interpret any provision so as to avoid violation of Code  409A or constructive receipt of
compensation under this Plan before the actual receipt of such compensation, this Plan shall
be construed and enforced as if the provision had not been included.

16. A new Section 27 is added:

27.      Interpretation.  This Plan, as amended, is intended to satisfy the requirements
of Code  409A and applicable guidance thereunder with respect to compensation payable
pursuant to this Plan that was not outstanding and vested prior to January 1, 2005. It is
not intended to materially modify the terms and conditions applicable to any other amounts
payable pursuant to this Plan. This Plan shall be construed and administered accordingly.

17. A new Section 28 is added:

28.      No Representation Made Regarding Code  409A Compliance . Notwithstanding any
other provision in the Plan, the Company makes no representations that the Awards granted
under the Plan shall be exempt from or comply with Code  409A and makes no undertaking to
preclude Code  409A from applying to Awards granted under the Plan.

18. A new Appendix A is added:

APPENDIX A 

The following terms and conditions shall apply to the deferred delivery of Shares attributable to
Restricted Share Rights granted prior to January 1, 2008, to the extent such Restricted Share
Rights were not earned and vested prior to January 1, 2005.

1.     Deferral Elections. A Participant who wishes to defer the receipt of Shares payable pursuant to
Restricted Share Rights must file an irrevocable deferral election, subject to the following:

(a) 
       
     Separate deferral elections shall be required for the Restricted Share Rights
granted pursuant to each Award. 

(b) 
       
     A deferral election must apply to all of the Restricted Share Rights that are
scheduled to vest in a single calendar year under an Award. 

- 5 - 

(c) 
       
     The deferral election must be completed and filed more than 12 months prior to
the date on which the affected Restricted Share Rights are scheduled to vest, unless
the deferral election is made prior to January 1, 2009, in which case the deferral
election may be filed at any time prior to the year in which the Restricted Share
Rights are scheduled to vest. Deferral elections made on or after January 1, 2009 will
not take effect until 12 months after they are made and shall be void if the
Participant s employment terminates before the end of such 12-month period. 

(d) 
       
     The deferral election shall indicate the affected Award, the calendar year in
which the affected Restricted Share Rights under the indicated Award are scheduled to
vest, and the calendar year in which the Shares payable pursuant to the affected
Restricted Share Rights are to be paid (the  payment calendar year ). The payment
calendar year shall not be later than the calendar year that includes the 10th
anniversary of the affected Restricted Share Rights  vesting date. With respect to
elections made after December 31, 2008, the payment calendar year for Restricted Share
Rights vesting prior to July 1st shall not be earlier than the year that includes the
5th anniversary of the calendar year in which the affected Restricted Share Rights will
vest, and the payment calendar year for Restricted Share Rights vesting on or after
July 1st shall not be earlier than the year that includes the 6th anniversary of the
calendar year in which the affected Restricted Share Rights will vest. 

(a) 
       
     Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2, Shares deferred pursuant to an
election made in accordance with Section 1 above shall be distributed in July of the
elected payment calendar year. 

(b) 
       
     Notwithstanding the payment calendar year elected by a Participant: 

(i) 
       
     If (ii) below does not apply and the Participant has a
 separation from service  with respect to the Company and its affiliates within
the meaning of Treas. Reg.  1.409A-1(h), or the Participant dies prior to such
a separation from service, the Shares deferred pursuant to a Participant s
deferral elections shall be paid in the first July following such separation
from service or death; provided, however, that if: 

(A) 
       
     the Participant s employment termination is
due to the Participant s  separation from service  and not the
Participant s death; and 

(B) 
       
     the first day of such first July is less than
six months after the date of the Participant s  separation from
service  and 

(C) 
       
     at the time of his or her  separation from
service  the Participant is a Specified Employee; 

- 6 - 

then the deferred Shares shall be paid six months after the date of the
Participant s  separation from service . 

(ii) 
       
     If the Participant has a separation from service that qualifies
as a Retirement, the Shares deferred pursuant to the Participant s deferral
elections shall be paid in July of the year after the year in which the
Participant s separation from service occurs. 

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Grant to Richard M. Kovacevich on February 26, 2008  

WELLS FARGO   COMPANY LONG-TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT FOR 
FEBRUARY 26, 2008 GRANT TO RICHARD M. KOVACEVICH 

1.      Grant of Option.  Wells Fargo   Company (the  Company ) has granted to you an option
( Option ) to purchase 2,000,000 shares (the  Shares ) of Wells Fargo   Company common stock
( Common Stock ). The Option is granted subject in all respects to the terms of the Company s
Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (the  Plan ).

2.      Term, Vesting and Exercise of Option.  The term of this Option commences on 02/26/2008 and,
except as provided in paragraph 3 below, ends on 02/26/2018. Except as provided in paragraph 3
below, this Option becomes exercisable ( vests ) in full on 02/26/2011 ( vesting date ) provided
that beginning immediately after you cease to be an Employee and continuing until the vesting date
you satisfy each of the following conditions ( vesting conditions ): (i) you are available on a
reasonable basis for consultation with management and to represent the Company with customers, the
community and team members, (ii) you comply with the terms of the attached Wells Fargo Agreement
Regarding Trade Secrets, Confidential Information, And Non-Solicitation, and (iii) you do not
perform services as an employee, consultant or otherwise for a company or firm that is included in
the Company s  Peer Group  as such term is defined in the Company s proxy statement for its 2007
annual stockholders  meeting filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and as such term may
be updated in a proxy statement for a subsequent annual stockholders  meeting. To exercise all or
part of the Option you must complete the exercise in a manner authorized by the Company and deliver
payment as described herein of the exercise price and all applicable withholding taxes. You must
pay the exercise price on the day you exercise the Option (a) in cash, (b) in whole shares of
Common Stock valued at their Fair Market Value, or (c) by delivering irrevocable instructions to a
broker to promptly deliver to the Company the amount of the exercise price and all applicable
withholding taxes (a  cashless exercise ), unless you are an executive officer of the Company and
such cashless exercise is prohibited by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. If Stock is used to pay
the exercise price ( swap transaction ), the Stock used (i) must have been owned by you for at
least six months prior to the date of exercise or purchased by you in the open market; and (ii)
must not have been used in a stock-for-stock swap transaction within the preceding six months. You
shall not have any rights as a stockholder with respect to the Shares of Common Stock subject to
the Option until you have exercised the Option for such Shares.

3.      Disability, Death or Discharge for Cause.  If you become permanently disabled (as
determined by the Committee) before the vesting date, the Option is immediately vested and
exercisable and will remain exercisable until the Option expires or until one year after your date
of death, whichever occurs first. If you die before the vesting date, the Option is immediately
vested and exercisable and will remain exercisable until one year after your date of death. In the
event of your death, whether before or after vesting, your Beneficiary as determined in accordance
with the Plan may exercise the Option until one year after your date of death or until the Option
expires, whichever occurs first. If before the vesting date you fail to satisfy any vesting
condition in accordance with paragraph 2, the Option will expire immediately. If you are
discharged as an Employee for cause, the Option will expire immediately.

4.      Compliance and Withholding Taxes.  The issuance of Shares upon the exercise of the Option shall
be subject to compliance by the Company and you with all applicable requirements of law relating
thereto, including withholding tax obligations, and with all applicable regulations of any stock
exchange on which the Common Stock may be listed at the time of such issuance. You agree to
satisfy all withholding tax obligations applicable to the acquisition of Shares under the Option or
the disposition of such Shares that the Company deems necessary. Income taxes are computed based
on the difference between the Fair Market Value of the Shares acquired as of the date of exercise
and the exercise price for those Shares. Taxes may be paid either in cash or, if you elect, by
having the Company withhold from the Shares to be issued a number of Shares (valued at their Fair
Market Value as of the date of exercise) necessary to satisfy the taxes. The Company is not
obligated to exercise the Option and/or deliver the Shares until all payment obligations are met.

5.      Nontransferability of Option.  Unless the Committee provides otherwise, (i) no rights under
the Option will be assignable or transferable, and neither you nor your Beneficiary will have any
power to anticipate, alienate, dispose of, pledge or encumber any rights under the Option, and (ii)
the rights and the benefits of the Option may be exercised and received during your lifetime only
by you or your legal representative.

6.      No Agreement for the Company to Continue Your Employment.  Nothing in this Agreement gives you
any right to continued employment and the Company may terminate you at any time for any reason.

7.      General Restrictions.  The Company may delay the exercise of the Option if it determines that
(a) the Shares subject to the Option should be listed, registered or qualified on any securities
exchange or under any law, or (b) the consent of a regulatory body is desirable.

8.      Additional Provisions and Interpretation of this Agreement.  This Agreement is subject to the
provisions of the Plan. Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement are used as defined in the
Plan. If the Plan and this Agreement are inconsistent, provisions of the Plan will govern.
Interpretations of the Plan and this Agreement by the Committee are binding on you and the
Company.

Wells Fargo Agreement Regarding 
Trade Secrets, Confidential Information, And 
Non-Solicitation 

I. Introduction 

In consideration for the stock option grant awarded to me on February 26, 2008 by Wells Fargo
  Company ( the Company ), I acknowledge that the nature of my employment with the Company permits
me to have access to certain of its trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information and
that such information is, and shall always remain, the sole property of the Company. Any
unauthorized disclosure or use of this information would be wrongful and would cause the Company
irreparable harm. Therefore, I agree as follows:

II. Trade Secrets And Confidential Information 

During the course of my employment I have acquired knowledge of the Company s Trade Secrets
and other proprietary information relating to its business, business methods, personnel, and
customers (collectively referenced as  Confidential Information ).  Trade Secrets  are defined as
information, including but not limited to, a formula, pattern, compilation, program, device,
method, technique, or process, that: (1) derives independent economic value, actual or potential,
from not being generally known to the public or to other persons who can obtain economic value from
its disclosure or use and (2) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances
to maintain its secrecy. The Company s Trade Secrets include, but are not limited to, the
following:

the names, address, and contact information of the Company s customers and prospective
customers, as well any other personal or financial information relating to any customer or
prospect, including, without limitation, account numbers, balances, portfolios, maturity
dates, loans, policies, investment activities and objectives;

any information concerning the Company s operations, including without limitation,
information related to its methods, services, pricing, finances, practices, strategies,
business plans, agreements, decision-making, systems, technology, policies, procedures,
marketing, sales, techniques and processes;

any other proprietary and/or confidential information relating to the Company s
customers, employees, products, services, sales, technologies, or business affairs.

I understand that Records of the Company also constitute Confidential Information and that my
obligation to maintain the confidentiality thereof continues at all times during and after my
employment.  Records  include, but are not limited to, original, duplicated, computerized,
memorized, handwritten or any other form of information, whether contained in materials provided to
me by the Company, or by any institution acquired by the Company, or compiled by me in any form or
manner including information in documents or electronic devices, such as software, flowcharts,
graphs, spreadsheets, resource manuals, videotapes, calendars, day timers, planners, rolodexes, or
telephone directories maintained in personal computers, laptop computers, personal digital assistants or any other device. These records do not
become any less confidential or proprietary to the Company because I may commit some of them to
memory or because I may otherwise maintain them outside of the Company s offices.

I agree that Confidential Information of the Company is to be used by me solely and exclusively for
the purpose of conducting business on behalf of the Company. I am expected to keep such
Confidential Information confidential and not to divulge or disclose this information except for
that purpose. Upon my retirement, I agree to immediately return to the Company all Records and
Confidential Information, including information maintained by me in my office, personal electronic
devices, and/or at home.

III. Non-Solicitation Of Company s Customers And Employees 

I agree that for the period beginning on my retirement date with Company through February 26,
2011 ( the Non-Solicitation Period ), I will not interfere with the Company s business by directly
or indirectly soliciting an employee to leave the Company s employ, by inducing a consultant to
sever the consultant s relationship with Company, or by directly or indirectly soliciting business
from any of the Company s clients, customers, or prospective customers whose identity became known
to me during my employment with the Company. This limitation is not intended to limit the Company s
right to prevent misappropriation of its Confidential Information beyond the Non-Solicitation
Period.

IV. Partial Invalidity 

If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction, such provision shall be enforced to the greatest extent permitted and the remainder
of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

V. Choice Of Law/Integration/Survival 

This Agreement and any dispute, controversy or claim which arises under or relates in any way
to it shall be governed by the law of the state where the incident(s) giving rise to the dispute or
claim arose. This Agreement supersedes any prior written or verbal agreements pertaining to the
subject matter herein, and is intended to be a final expression of our Agreement with respect only
to the terms contained herein. There may be no modification of this Agreement except in writing
signed by me and an executive officer of the Company. This Agreement: shall survive my employment
by the Company; inure to the benefit of successors and assigns of the Company, and is binding upon
my heirs and legal representatives.

Acknowledgment 

I acknowledge that I have read, understand, and received a copy of this Agreement and will
abide by its terms.

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Executive Officers for Grants on and after
November 27, 2007  

WELLS FARGO   COMPANY LONG-TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
FORM OF NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT FOR  GRANT DATE  GRANTS 

Grant Date:  

Expiration Date:   

Exercise Price:   

1.      Grant of Option.  Wells Fargo   Company (the  Company ) has granted to you an option
( Option ) to purchase shares (the  Shares ) of Wells Fargo   Company common stock ( Common Stock )
in the number set forth on the acknowledgement screen for your grant, accessible through
Stock Options Management. The Option is granted subject in all respects to the terms of the
Company s Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (the  Plan ).

2.      Term,
Vesting and Exercise of Option.  The term of this Option commences on  grant date  and,
except as provided in paragraph 3 below, ends on  ten years from grant date , provided you
are continuously employed by the Company or an Affiliate ( Wells Fargo ). If your employment with
Wells Fargo is terminated, the Option may be exercised only as described in paragraph 3 below.

Except as provided in paragraph 3 below, this Option becomes exercisable ( vests ) according to the
following table provided it has not been terminated before such date in accordance with the
provisions of this Option:

1/3 

of
Shares on  

[first anniversary of grant date]  

1/3 

of Shares on  

[second anniversary of grant date]  

1/3 

of Shares on  

[third anniversary of grant date]  

To exercise all or part of the Option you must complete the exercise in a manner authorized by the
Company and deliver payment as described herein of the exercise price and all applicable
withholding taxes. You must pay the exercise price on the day you exercise the Option (a) in cash,
(b) in whole shares of Common Stock valued at their Fair Market Value, or (c) by delivering
irrevocable instructions to a broker to promptly deliver to the Company the amount of the exercise
price and all applicable withholding taxes (a  cashless exercise ), unless you are an executive
officer of the Company and such cashless exercise is prohibited by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
If Stock is used to pay the exercise price ( swap transaction ), the Stock used (i) must have been
owned by you for at least six months prior to the date of exercise or purchased by you in the open
market; and (ii) must not have been used in a stock-for-stock swap transaction within the preceding
six months. You shall not have any rights as a stockholder with respect to the Shares of Common
Stock subject to the Option until you have exercised the Option for such Shares.

3.       Retirement, Disability, Death or Other Termination of Employment.  If your
termination of employment is due to Retirement, your Option will immediately vest and become
exercisable until the expiration date or until one year after your date of death, whichever occurs
first. If you become permanently disabled while you are employed by Wells Fargo, then your entire
Option is immediately vested and exercisable and will remain exercisable until one year after your
date of death or until the Option expires, whichever occurs first. If you die while you are
employed by Wells Fargo, the entire Option is immediately vested and exercisable, and your
Beneficiary as determined in accordance with the Plan may exercise the Option until one year after
the date of your death or until the Option expires, whichever occurs first.

If you leave Wells Fargo s employment for any reason other than death, permanent disability,
Retirement, or discharge for cause, you may exercise that part of the Option which was exercisable
on the date of termination at any time within three (3) months after the date of termination or
until the expiration date of the Option, whichever occurs first. If you are discharged for cause,
the Option will expire upon receipt by you of oral or written notice of termination.

4.      Compliance and Withholding Taxes.  The issuance of Shares upon the exercise of the Option shall
be subject to compliance by the Company and you with all applicable requirements of law relating
thereto, including withholding tax obligations, and with all applicable regulations of any stock
exchange on which the Common Stock may be listed at the time of such issuance. You agree to
satisfy all withholding tax obligations applicable to the acquisition of Shares under the Option or
the disposition of such Shares that the Company deems necessary. Income taxes are computed based
on the difference between the Fair Market Value of the Shares acquired as of the date of exercise
and the

- 7 - 

exercise price for those Shares. Taxes may be paid either in cash or, if you elect, by having the
Company withhold from the Shares to be issued a number of Shares (valued at their Fair Market Value
as of the date of exercise) necessary to satisfy the taxes. The Company is not obligated to
exercise the Option and/or deliver the Shares until all payment obligations are met.

5.      Nontransferability of Option.  Unless the Committee provides otherwise, (i) no rights under
the Option will be assignable or transferable, and neither you nor your Beneficiary will have any
power to anticipate, alienate, dispose of, pledge or encumber any rights under the Option, and (ii)
the rights and the benefits of the Option may be exercised and received during your lifetime only
by you or your legal representative.

6.      No Agreement for Wells Fargo to Continue Your Employment.  Nothing in this Agreement gives you
any right to continued employment and Wells Fargo may terminate you at any time for any reason.

7.      General Restrictions.  The Company may delay the exercise of the Option if it determines that
(a) the Shares subject to the Option should be listed, registered or qualified on any securities
exchange or under any law, or (b) the consent of a regulatory body is desirable.

8.      Additional Provisions and Interpretation of this Agreement.  This Agreement is subject to the
provisions of the Plan. Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement are used as defined in the
Plan. If the Plan and this Agreement are inconsistent, provisions of the Plan will govern.
Interpretations of the Plan and this Agreement by the Committee are binding on you and the
Company.

- 8 - 

</EX-10.(A)>

<EX-10.(F)>
 3
 f38267exv10wxfy.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.(F)

exv10wxfy 

Exhibit 10(f)  
  Amendment to Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan  

Effective January 22, 2008, Article III of the Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan
was amended to read in its entirety as follows:

III.  
       
      SHARES AVAILABLE FOR AWARDS  

Subject to Article VII and the following proviso, no more than 1,600,000 shares of
Common Stock (as adjusted to reflect the August 11, 2006 two-for-one stock split)
shall be awarded or made subject to stock options awarded under the Plan; provided,
however, that (i) effective January 22, 2008, an additional 100,000 shares of Common
Stock shall be available for, but limited to, deferrals of Cash Compensation and
dividend credits to Deferred Stock Accounts; and (ii) shares subject to options
granted hereunder (or assumed hereby) that are cancelled or expire without being
fully exercised and shares used to pay the exercise price for options granted
hereunder (or assumed hereby) may again be made subject to options granted under
this Plan with no effect on the foregoing limit. Shares awarded or made subject to
options hereunder may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized but unissued
Common Stock or treasury Common Stock not reserved for any other purpose. For
purposes of this Article III, options that are assumed from a Prior Plan shall be
deemed granted hereunder. 

Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan  

WELLS FARGO   COMPANY 
DIRECTORS STOCK COMPENSATION AND DEFERRAL PLAN 

(As Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2008)

I.  
       
      PURPOSE, HISTORY AND EFFECTIVE DATES  

A.  
       
       Purpose   .  

The purpose of the Wells Fargo   Company Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral
Plan (the  Plan ) is to provide non-employee members of the Board of Directors of
the Company with equity compensation and compensation deferral opportunities in
consideration for personal services rendered in their capacity as directors of the
Company. The Plan is also intended to aid in attracting and retaining individuals
of outstanding abilities and skills for service on the Company s Board of Directors. 

B.  
       
       Prior Plans   .  

The Plan superseded the 1999 Directors Stock Option Plan, the 1999 Directors Formula
Stock Award Plan and the 1999 Deferral Plan for Directors (the  Prior Plans )
effective on the date that the Plan was approved by the Company s stockholders (the
 Effective Date ). Options outstanding on the Effective Date and amounts deferred
under the Prior Plans before the Effective Date of the Plan were assumed by the Plan
on such date. The terms of such options and deferrals remain the same as applicable
thereto under the Prior Plans, unless and until amended under the terms of the Plan. 

C.  
       
       Restatement   .  

Pursuant to its authority to amend the Plan, the Committee has amended and restated
the Plan effective January 1, 2008 to address the requirements of Code  409A. The
Committee does not intend the amended and restated Plan document, or any subsequent
amendment, to materially modify the Plan with respect to Deferral Account balances
attributable to amounts earned and vested prior to January 1, 2005. To the extent
necessary to avoid such a material modification, any provision of the amended and
restated document or any subsequent amendment that otherwise would so modify the
Plan shall be construed and enforced as applicable only to the portion of Deferral
Account balances attributable to amounts that were not earned and vested prior to
that date. 

II.  
       
      DEFINITIONS  

When used in this Plan, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings indicated
below: 

2 

Affiliate 

Any entity other than the Company that would be
treated as part of a  single employer,  within
the meaning of Code  414(b) or (c), that includes
the Company. 

Award Date 

The day of the Company s annual meeting of
stockholders in each year, beginning in 2003. 

Board 

The Board of Directors of the Company. 

Cash Compensation 

The annual retainer fees and Board and committee
meeting fees. 

Code 

The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as from time
to time amended. 

Committee 

The Governance and Nominating Committee or any
successor committee of the Board; provided,
however, that if at the time of any Committee
action, any member of such committee does not
satisfy the requirements applicable to committee
approval contained in regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated
under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, and applicable interpretations thereof,
any such action must be taken or approved by the
Board. 

Common Stock 

Common Stock of the Company, $1 2/3 par value. 

Company 

Wells Fargo   Company. 

Deferral Account 

A bookkeeping account that reflects the Company s
deferred compensation obligation under this Plan
to each Non-Employee Director who is a Deferral
Participant. A Deferral Account includes all of
the Deferral Participant s Deferred Cash Accounts
and Deferred Stock Accounts. 

Deferral Election 

An irrevocable election by a Non-Employee
Director to defer receipt of Eligible
Compensation. Separate Deferral Elections shall
be required for the deferral of Formula Stock
Awards and the deferral of any other Eligible
Compensation. Deferral Elections applicable to
Eligible Compensation for a Deferral Year shall
not apply to Eligible Compensation for any other
Deferral Year. 

Deferral Participant 

Any Non-Employee Director who files a Deferral
Election and has not received full distribution
of his or her Deferral Account. 

Deferral Year 

The calendar year in which a Deferral Participant 
earns the Eligible Compensation (other than 
Retirement Conversion 

3 

Amounts) that is subject to
a Deferral Election. 

Deferred Cash Account 

A sub-account of a Deferral Account created for a
Deferral Year, to which the Deferral Participant
may allocate all or a portion of that Deferral
Year s deferred Cash Compensation and any other
Eligible Compensation that the Board deems
allocable to this subaccount. 

Deferred Stock Account 

A sub-account of a Deferral Account created for a
Deferral Year (i) to which the Deferral
Participant may allocate all or a portion of that
Deferral Year s deferred Cash Compensation and
any other Eligible Compensation that the Board
deems allocable to this subaccount, and (ii) to
which the Plan automatically allocates all of
that Deferral Year s deferred Formula Stock
Award. The sub-account to which any deferred
Retirement Conversion Amounts was credited under
a Prior Plan also is a Deferred Stock Account. 

Effective Date 

The date that the Plan was approved by the
Company s stockholders. 

Eligible Compensation 

Eligible compensation includes Cash Compensation,
Formula Stock Awards, Retirement Conversion
Amounts and any other compensation that, prior to
the beginning of a Deferral Year, the Board has
designated as Eligible Compensation for that
Deferral Year. 

Fair Market Value 

The New York Stock Exchange-only closing price
per share of the Common Stock for the relevant
date (e.g., option grant date or exercise date,
stock award date, etc., as the case may be) or,
if the New York Stock Exchange is not open on the
relevant date, the New York Stock Exchange-only
closing price per share of the Common Stock for
the trading day immediately preceding the
relevant date. 

Formula Stock Award 

Any Award made pursuant to the Formula Stock
Award Program described in Article V of the Plan. 

Interest 

The earnings credited to a Deferred Cash Account.
For Deferred Cash Accounts relating to Deferral
Years 2006 and earlier, the Interest for a
calendar year is determined using the average
annual rate for 3-Year Treasury Notes for the
immediately preceding calendar year plus 2%. 

For Deferred Cash Accounts relating to Deferral
Years 2007 and later, the Interest for a calendar
year is determined using the 

4 

average annual rate
for 10-Year Treasury Notes for the immediately
preceding calendar year, up to a maximum of 120%
of the  Federal long-term rate  for annual
compounding prescribed under  1274(d) of the Code
for January of the calendar year for which the
Interest is being credited. 

Non-Employee Director 

Any member of the Board of Directors of the
Company who is not an employee of the Company
or of a subsidiary of the Company. 

Plan 

Wells Fargo   Company Directors Stock
Compensation and Deferral Plan. 

Plan Administrator 

The Company s Director of Human Resources. 

Prior Plans 

The Wells Fargo   Company 1999 Directors Stock
Option Plan, 1999 Directors Formula Stock Award
Plan and 1999 Deferral Plan for Directors. 

Retirement Conversion  
Amount 

A dollar amount equal to the accrued benefits
under the former Wells Fargo   Company
Directors  Retirement Plan or the Norwest
Corporation Retirement Plan for Non-Employee
Directors, calculated as if the director s
service on the Board had ended as of November
2, 1998. 

Separation from Service 

A Non-Employee Director shall be deemed to have
had a Separation from Service at the time his
or her service as a member of the Board ceases,
or if later, when the Non-Employee Director is
deemed to have had a  separation from service 
within the meaning of Code  409A and applicable
regulations thereunder. Generally, a
Separation from Service will not occur within
the meaning of Code  409A if the Non-Employee
Director becomes an employee or continues to
perform other services for the Company as an
independent contractor. 

III.  
       
      SHARES AVAILABLE FOR AWARDS  

Subject to Article VII, no more than 1,600,000 shares of Common Stock (as adjusted to
reflect the August 11, 2006 two-for-one stock split) shall be awarded or made subject to
stock options awarded under the Plan; provided, however, that shares subject to options
granted hereunder (or assumed hereby) that are cancelled or expire without being fully
exercised and shares used to pay the exercise price for options granted hereunder (or
assumed hereby) may again be made subject to options granted under this Plan with no effect
on the foregoing limit. Shares awarded or made subject to options hereunder may consist, in
whole or in part, of authorized but unissued Common Stock or treasury 

5 

Common Stock not reserved for any other purpose. For purposes of this Article III, options
that are assumed from a Prior Plan shall be deemed granted hereunder. 

IV.  
       
      STOCK OPTION AWARD PROGRAM  

A.  
       
       Formula Award of Options   .  

Each Non-Employee Director who is elected or re-elected to the Board of Directors by
the stockholders of the Company shall automatically receive an option as of each
Award Date to purchase that number of shares of Common Stock with a Fair Market
Value of $57,000 (or such other greater or lesser dollar amount, not to exceed
$150,000, as the Committee shall specify) on such date determined in accordance with
the Black-Scholes option pricing model but rounded up to the next whole share. A
Non-Employee Director who joins the Board of Directors on any date other than the
Award Date shall automatically receive as of such other date an option to purchase
Common Stock with the same value determined as of such other date, prorated to
reflect the number of months (rounded up to the next whole month) remaining until
the next Award Date. The exercise price per share for each stock option granted
under this Plan shall be the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock as of the date
the option is granted. 

B.  
       
       Terms of Options   .  

1. 
       
      Exercise Price and Vesting . Each option granted under
the Plan shall have an exercise price per share equal to the Fair Market Value
as of the grant date of the option. The exercise price shall be payable (i)
entirely in cash or (ii) entirely in Common Stock valued at Fair Market Value
on the date the option is exercised, in accordance with procedures determined
by the Plan Administrator, plus an amount of cash sufficient to avoid the
purchase of a fractional share of Common Stock. If the option exercise price
is paid using Common Stock, it (i) must have been owned by the optionee for at
least six months prior to the date of exercise or purchased by the optionee in
the open market; and (ii) must not have been used in a stock swap transaction
within the preceding six months. Regardless of how the option exercise price
is paid, withholding taxes arising out of the option exercise, if any, may be
paid in cash or in Common Stock. To the extent that no violation of Section
16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or any other law would result, the
payment of the exercise price of options granted hereunder may also be made by
delivering a properly executed exercise notice together with irrevocable
instructions to a broker, or some other communication acceptable to the
Company, requiring the delivery to the Company of sale or loan proceeds
sufficient to pay the option exercise price, together with any related
withholding taxes if no other payment for such taxes satisfactory to the
Company has been arranged; provided that such exercise shall be conditioned
upon, and no 

6 

shares shall be issued pursuant to such exercise until, receipt of such
amount by the Company. 

2. 
       
      Term and Exercisability . Except as set forth in
paragraph 3 below, options granted under the Plan shall become fully
exercisable six months after their grant date and shall remain exercisable
until the tenth anniversary of their grant date; provided that (i) if a
Non-Employee Director dies, all outstanding options previously granted to him
or her under this Plan shall become immediately exercisable and remain
exercisable until the earlier of (a) the first anniversary of the Non-Employee
Director s death or (b) the tenth anniversary of the option grant date and (ii)
if a Non-Employee Director leaves the Board for cause, all outstanding options
granted to such Non-Employee Director under this Plan shall immediately
terminate and be cancelled as of the date he or she ceases to be a director. At
any time during which an option granted under the Plan is exercisable, the
option may be exercised in whole or in part. 

3. 
       
      Reload Award . With respect to an option granted under
Section A of Article IV of the Plan on or before September 27, 2004 (an
 Original Option ), if while serving on the Board, a Non-Employee Director
exercises the Original Option and pays the option exercise price using Common
Stock in accordance with the terms of the Plan, the Non-Employee Director shall
automatically be granted a  reload  stock option on the date of such exercise.
The reload stock option grant shall equal the number of whole shares of Common
Stock used in the swap exercise to pay the option exercise price. Subject to
the provisions of Section B of Article IV, the reload stock option may be
exercised between the date of grant and the date of expiration of the Original
Option. No reload stock option shall be granted if the Original Option is
exercised after a Non-Employee Director leaves the Board of Directors of the
Company for any reason. No reload stock option shall be granted upon exercise
of a reload option or with respect to an option granted under Section A of
Article IV of the Plan on or after September 28, 2004. 

4. 
       
      Transferability . No option granted under the Plan
shall be transferred or assigned other than (i) by will or the laws of descent
and distribution, (ii) to the extent required pursuant to a domestic relations
order that satisfies the requirements of Rule 16a-12 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, or any successor rule, or (iii) by designation of a
beneficiary under this paragraph 4. An optionee may, by completing and signing
a written beneficiary designation form which is delivered to and accepted by
the Company, designate a beneficiary to exercise and receive any outstanding
options upon the optionee s death. If at the time of the optionee s death
there is not a fully effective beneficiary designation form on file, or if the
designated beneficiary does not survive the optionee, the legal representative
of the optionee s estate shall have the right to exercise the 

7 

option. During the lifetime of an optionee, options granted hereunder may
be exercised only by the optionee. 

5. 
       
      Tax Status of Options . All options granted under the
Plan shall be non-qualified stock options not entitled to preferential tax
treatment under Code  422. 

V.  
       
      FORMULA STOCK AWARD PROGRAM  

A.  
       
       Formula Stock Award   .  Commencing with the Award Date, each Non-Employee
Director shall automatically receive shares of Common Stock on such date in the amounts
(but rounded up to the next whole share) set forth in paragraph 1, 2 or 3 below (as
applicable and subject to paragraph 4); provided, however, that if a Non-Employee
Director has not attended at least one Board meeting as a Non-Employee Director on or
before the date on which such award would otherwise be payable, such Non-Employee
Director shall instead be eligible to receive the award provided as of the next
succeeding date such awards are payable. 

1. 
       
      Election at Annual Meeting . A Non-Employee Director
who has served as a director of the Company for at least the entire month of
April in each year and is elected to the Board by the stockholders of the
Company at the annual meeting held in such month, or held later within such
year, shall receive as of the date of the meeting Common Stock with an
aggregate Fair Market Value of $50,000 as of the date of the annual meeting. 

2. 
       
      After Annual Meeting Through September 30 . A
Non-Employee Director who first joins the Board after the annual meeting of
stockholders in each year but on or before September 30 in such year shall
receive as of such September 30 Common Stock with an aggregate Fair Market
Value of $50,000 as of September 30 th . 

3. 
       
      October 1 Through March 31 . A Non-Employee Director
who first joins the Board on or after October 1 in each year but on or before
March 31 in the following year shall receive as of the date of the next
succeeding annual meeting of stockholders Common Stock with an aggregate Fair
Market Value of $25,000 as of such succeeding annual meeting. 

4. 
       
      Adjustment to Number of Shares . The Committee may
increase (by no more than 200%) or decrease the dollar amounts used to
determine the number of shares to be granted under paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 above. 

B.  
       
       Deferral of Awards   .  

A Non-Employee Director may elect, in accordance with the terms of Article VI of the
Plan, to defer receipt of all or a portion of the shares of Common Stock such
director has a right to receive under this Article V of the Plan. 

8 

C.  
       
       Transferability   .  

No right to receive an award hereunder shall be transferable or assignable other
than (i) by will or the laws of descent and distribution, (ii) to the extent
required pursuant to a domestic relations order that satisfies the requirements of
Rule 16a-12 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or any successor rule, or
(iii) by designation of a beneficiary under Article VI of the Plan with respect to
shares the receipt of which has been deferred thereunder. 

VI.  
       
      DEFERRAL PROGRAM  

A.  
       
       Deferral Elections for Eligible Compensation Earned and Vested Prior to
January 1, 2005   .  

Deferral Elections for Eligible Compensation earned and vested prior to January 1,
2005, were made pursuant to the terms of the Plan in effect at the time of the
Deferral Election (and not as provided in Section B, below). 

B.  
       
       Deferral Elections for Eligible Compensation Not Earned and Vested Prior to
January 1, 2005   .  

A Non-Employee Director may elect to defer all or any portion of his or her Eligible
Compensation that was not earned and vested prior to January 1, 2005, by filing a
Deferral Election for the Deferral Year in which such Eligible Compensation is
earned in accordance with this Section B. 

1. 
       
      Content . A Deferral Election shall indicate i) the
amount of Eligible Compensation for the Deferral Year to be deferred, ii) the
allocation of deferred Cash Compensation (and any other Eligible Compensation
that the Board deems allocable) between the Deferred Cash Account and the
Deferred Stock Account, iii) when distribution of the deferred amounts will
commence, and iv) the form of distribution. Separate Deferral Elections shall
be required for the deferral of Formula Stock Awards and the deferral of other
Eligible Compensation. 

2. 
       
      Election Timing . Subject only to the special rule for
new Non-Employee Directors set forth in paragraph 3 below, Deferral Elections
with respect to Eligible Compensation earned in a Deferral Year must be filed
with the Company before the beginning of that Deferral Year. Deferral
Elections applicable to Eligible Compensation for a Deferral Year shall not
apply to Eligible Compensation for any other Deferral Year. 

3. 
       
      Newly Eligible Non-Employee Directors . A Non-Employee
Director who has not previously been eligible to participate in any elective
account balance plan (as defined in Treas. Reg.  1.409A-1(c)(2)(i)(A))
maintained 

9 

by the Company or an Affiliate for independent contractors (including
directors), or whose previous participation in all such plans may be
disregarded pursuant to Treas. Reg.  1.409A-2(a)(7)(ii), may file a Deferral
Election applicable only to Eligible Compensation earned in the Deferral
Year in which the Deferral Election is filed, but only if the Deferral
Election is filed not more than thirty days after the date the individual
first becomes a Non-Employee Director. Deferral Elections pursuant to this
paragraph 3 shall be limited as follows: 

a. 
       
     If the Deferral Election is filed before the
individual becomes a Non-Employee Director, the Deferral Election shall
apply to all Eligible Compensation earned after the Deferral Election
is filed and during the Deferral Year in which the Deferral Election is
filed, including Cash Compensation and Formula Stock Awards. 

b. 
       
     If the Deferral Election is filed after the
individual first becomes a Non-Employee Director but not more than
thirty days after that event, the Deferral Election shall apply only to
Cash Compensation earned in calendar quarters during the Deferral Year
in which the Deferral Election is filed that begin after the calendar
quarter in which the Deferral Election is filed. (For example, if an
individual who becomes a new Non-Employee Director on May
22 nd  files a Deferral Election on June 17 th , that
Deferral Election will apply only to Cash Compensation for service from
July 1 st  through December 31 st  of the year in
which the Deferral Election is filed. It will not apply to any Formula
Stock Award earned for that year.) Any Deferral Election subject to
this subparagraph b that is filed later than September 30 th 
of the year of filing will have no effect. 

C.  
       
       Deferral Accounts   .  

1. 
       
      Maintenance of Accounts . A Deferral Account will be
maintained for each Deferral Participant. Within each Deferral Account,
separate Deferred Cash Accounts and Deferred Stock Accounts will be maintained
for each Deferral Year. 

2. 
       
      Cash/Stock Election . A Deferral Participant must
elect, at the time of his or her Deferral Election, to allocate deferred Cash
Compensation (and any other Eligible Compensation that the Board deems
allocable) between the Deferred Cash Account and the Deferred Stock Account for
the Deferral Year. Formula Stock Awards will be credited only to the Deferred
Stock Account for the Deferral Year. Retirement Conversion Amounts were
required under the Prior Plan to be credited to a Deferred Stock Account. Any
Eligible Compensation other than Cash Compensation, Formula Stock Awards and
Retirement Conversion Amounts that the Board does not deem allocable shall be
credited as provided by the Board. 

10 

3. 
       
      Deferred Cash Account . Eligible Compensation allocated
to a Deferred Cash Account will be credited to that account as of the date the
Eligible Compensation otherwise would have been paid. 

4. 
       
      Deferred Stock Account . Eligible Compensation
allocated to a Deferred Stock Account will be credited to that account as of
the date the Eligible Compensation would have otherwise been paid or realized.
Cash amounts will be converted into share equivalents of Common Stock in the
Deferred Stock Account based on the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock as of
the day the compensation would have otherwise been paid or realized. 

5. 
       
      Interest . Deferred Cash Accounts will earn Interest.
Interest will be compounded annually and will be credited on the last day of
each calendar quarter. Interest will continue until all funds in the Deferred
Cash Account have been distributed in accordance with Section D or E of this
Article VI. 

6. 
       
      Dividend Equivalents . Each time a dividend is paid on
the Common Stock, a Deferral Participant shall receive a credit to his or her
Deferred Stock Account. The amount of the dividend credit shall be the number
of share equivalents (rounded to the nearest one-hundredth) determined by
multiplying the dividend amount per share by the number of share equivalents
credited to the Deferral Participant s Deferred Stock Account as of the record
date for the dividend and dividing the product by the Fair Market Value of the
Common Stock on the dividend payment date. 

7. 
       
      Vesting . Each Deferral Participant will, at all times,
have a fully vested and non-forfeitable right to all amounts properly credited
to his or her Deferral Account. 

D.  
       
       Distribution of Balances Attributable to Eligible Compensation Earned and
Vested Prior to January 1, 2005   .  

Payment of the portion of a Deferral Participant s Deferral Account that is
attributable to Eligible Compensation earned and vested prior to January 1, 2005
shall be made as provided in this Section D. 

1. 
       
      Distribution from the Deferred Cash Account . A
Deferral Participant s Deferred Cash Account will be distributed in cash.
Distribution of the balance attributable to a Deferral Election will be made in
a lump sum or in up to 10 annual installments, as specified in that Deferral
Election, as of: i) March 1 of the first calendar year following termination of
the Deferral Participant s service as a Non-Employee Director, or ii) March 1
of any other year elected by the Deferral Participant which begins at least 12
months following the year in which the deferred compensation would 

11 

otherwise have been received, or iii) July 1 of the calendar year in which
the Deferral Participant s service as a Non-Employee Director terminates if
such termination occurs on or before June 30; provided, however, that if
July 1 installments are elected, subsequent annual installments shall be
payable as of March 1 of each year thereafter. The amount of each
installment distribution will be equal to the total amount of the account
divided by the number of installments remaining to be made, including the
current installment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Deferral Participant,
while still a member of the Board, may elect one time to defer commencement
of distribution of the portion of a Deferred Cash Account attributable to a
Deferral Election until March 1 of any year so long as the new distribution
commencement date (i.e., March 1 of the year so elected) is at least 36
months beyond the original March 1 distribution commencement date or 44
months beyond the original July 1 distribution commencement date, as
applicable. To be effective, the election must be made by the Deferral
Participant at least 12 months prior to the original March 1 or July 1
distribution commencement date, as applicable. A new distribution
commencement election shall not change the form of distribution (lump sum or
installments) originally elected by the Deferral Participant. 

2. 
       
      Distribution from the Deferred Stock Account . A
Deferral Participant s Deferred Stock Account will be distributed in whole
shares of Common Stock. Distribution of the balance attributable to a Deferral
Election will be made in a lump sum or in up to 10 annual installments as
specified in that Deferral Election, as of: i) March 1 of the first calendar
year following termination of the Deferral Participant s service as a
Non-Employee Director, or ii) March 1 of any other year elected by the Deferral
Participant which begins at least 12 months following the year in which the
deferred compensation would otherwise have been received, or iii) July 1 of the
calendar year in which the Deferral Participant s service as a Non-Employee
Director terminates if such termination occurs on or before June 30; provided,
however, that if July 1 installments are elected, subsequent annual
installments shall be payable as of March 1 of each year thereafter. The
amount of each installment distribution will be equal to the total amount of
the account divided by the number of installments remaining to be made,
including the current installment, rounded up to the nearest whole share and
the whole number of shares so distributed shall be deducted from the total
amount of the account. The final distribution will be rounded up to the
nearest whole share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Deferral Participant,
while still a member of the Board, may elect one time to defer commencement of
distribution of the portion of a Deferred Stock Account attributable to a
Deferral Election until March 1 of any year so long as the new distribution
commencement date (i.e., March 1 of the year so elected) is at least 36 months
beyond the original March 1 distribution commencement date or 44 months beyond
the original July 1 

12 

distribution commencement date, as applicable. To be effective, the
election must be made by the Deferral Participant at least 12 months prior
to the original March 1 or July 1 distribution commencement date, as
applicable. A new distribution commencement election shall not change the
form of distribution (lump sum or installments) originally elected by the
Deferral Participant. 

3. 
       
      Death . If a Deferral Participant dies before receiving
all distributions to which he or she is entitled under this Article VI of the
Plan, all remaining distributions will be made in one lump sum. Such
distribution will be made to the Deferral Participant s beneficiary as
determined pursuant to Section I of Article VI. 

4. 
       
      Change of Control . At the time of a Deferral Election,
a Deferral Participant may also elect to have all amounts deferred pursuant to
this Plan become payable immediately if (i) a third person, including a  group 
as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, becomes
the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 25% or more of the combined
voting power of the Company s outstanding voting securities ordinarily having
the right to vote for the election of the directors of the Company, or (ii)
individuals who constitute the Board of the Company as of January 1, 1999
(Incumbent Board) cease for any reason to constitute at least two-thirds
thereof, provided that any person becoming a director subsequent to said date
whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders, was
approved by a vote of at least three-quarters of the directors comprising the
Incumbent Board shall be, for purposes of this clause (ii), considered as
though such person were a member of the Incumbent Board. The value of a
Deferral Participant s Deferred Stock Account for purposes of a distribution
under this paragraph 4 shall be the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock for a
day selected by the Plan Administrator which occurs not more than seven days
prior to the date payment is made to the Deferral Participant pursuant to this
paragraph 4. 

E.  
       
       Distribution of Balances Attributable to Eligible Compensation Not Earned
and Vested Prior to January 1, 2005   .  

Payment of the portion of a Deferral Participant s Deferral Account that is
attributable to Eligible Compensation that was not earned and vested prior to
January 1, 2005 shall be made as provided in this Section E. 

1. 
       
      Lump Sum or Installment Distribution . At the time of
his or her Deferral Election, a Deferral Participant must elect in writing to
receive the balance attributable to the Deferral Election in either a lump sum
or in annual installments over a period of years up to ten. If the Deferral
Participant elects a lump sum, payment shall be made on the date elected in
accordance with paragraph 2 below. If the Deferral Participant elects 

13 

installments, the first installment payment shall be made on the
commencement date elected in accordance with paragraph 2 below. Each
subsequent installment payment shall be made on March 1 of the installment
year. The amount of each installment distribution will equal the balance
attributable to the Deferral Election immediately preceding the distribution
divided by the number of installments remaining to be made, including the
current installment. In the case of distributions from a Deferred Stock
Account, installments will be rounded up to the nearest whole share. The
amount so distributed will be deducted from the balance attributable to the
Deferral Election immediately preceding the distribution. 

2. 
       
      Timing of Distribution . A Deferral Participant must
elect to commence distribution of the balance attributable to a Deferral
Election at one of the following times: 

a. 
       
     July 1 immediately following Separation from Service; 

b. 
       
     March 1 of the first calendar year following
Separation from Service; or 

c. 
       
     March 1 of a calendar year designated by the
Deferral Participant which begins at least 12 months following the year
in which the Eligible Compensation otherwise would have been received. 

3. 
       
      Redeferral . A Deferral Participant who has not had a
Separation from Service may elect to delay the commencement of distribution of
the balance attributable to a Deferral Election until March 1 of any later year
so long as the new distribution commencement date (i.e., March 1 of the year so
elected) is at least 60 months beyond the original March 1 distribution
commencement date or 68 months beyond the original July 1 distribution
commencement date, as applicable. Any such redeferral election shall be made
by filing an election on a form and in the manner provided by the Plan
Administrator at least 12 months prior to the original March 1 or July 1
distribution commencement date, as applicable, and shall not take effect until
at least 12 months after the date on which it is filed. A redeferral election
made less than 12 months before the originally elected distribution
commencement date shall be void and have no effect. A redeferral election
shall not change the form of distribution (lump sum or installments) originally
elected by the Deferral Participant. Only one redeferral election shall be
permitted for amounts attributable to a Deferral Election. 

4. 
       
      Death . If a Deferral Participant dies before receiving
all distributions to which he or she is entitled under this Article VI of the
Plan, the balance of the Deferral Participant s Deferral Account will be
distributed in one lump 

14 

sum 60 days after the Deferral Participant s death. Such distribution will
be made to the Deferral Participant s beneficiary as determined pursuant to
Section I of this Article VI. 

5. 
       
      Form of Distributions . Distributions from a Deferral
Participant s Deferred Cash Account shall be in cash. Except as provided in
paragraph 6 below, distributions from a Deferral Participant s Deferred Stock
Account shall be in whole shares of Common Stock. 

6. 
       
      Change of Control . At the time of his or her Deferral
Election, a Deferral Participant may elect in writing to commence distribution
of the outstanding balance attributable to that Deferral Election upon the
occurrence of a Change of Control, regardless of any other election made by the
Deferral Participant pursuant to paragraphs 1, 2 or 3 above. If a Deferral
Participant who makes an election pursuant to this paragraph elected to receive
the balance attributable to his or her Deferral Election in a lump sum, such
balance shall be paid 30 days after the date a Change of Control occurs. If a
Deferral Participant who makes an election pursuant to this paragraph elected
to receive the balance attributable to his or her Deferral Election in annual
installments, the first annual installment shall be paid 30 days after the date
a Change of Control occurs, and subsequent installments shall be paid on March
1 of each subsequent year, beginning with the year after the year in which the
first annual installment is due, until such balance is exhausted. For purposes
of this paragraph 6, a  Change of Control  shall be deemed to occur if there is
a change in the ownership of the Company, within the meaning of Treas. Reg.
 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v), or a change in the effective control of the Company, within
the meaning of Treas. Reg.  1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi). Subject to the preceding
sentence, a Change of Control will generally be deemed to occur: 

a. 
       
     on the date one person, or more than one person
acting as a group, acquires ownership of stock of the Company that,
together with stock held by the person or group, constitutes more than
50 percent of the total fair market value or total voting power of the
Company; 

b. 
       
     on the date one person, or more than one person
acting as a group, acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period
ending on the date of the person or group s most recent acquisition)
ownership of stock of the Company possessing 30 percent or more of the
total voting power of the stock of the Company; or 

c. 
       
     on the date a majority of members of the
Company s Board are replaced during any 12-month period by directors
whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the 

15 

members of the Board before the date of the appointment or election. 

For purposes of a distribution under this paragraph 6, the value of a
Deferral Participant s Deferred Stock Account shall be the Fair Market Value
of the Common Stock for a day selected by the Plan Administrator which
occurs not more than seven days prior to the date payment is made to the
Deferral Participant pursuant to this paragraph 6. 

7. 
       
      Payment Treated as Made on Designated Date . Consistent
with the regulations under Code  409A, a payment shall be treated as made on
the date specified by this Section E if it is actually made not earlier than 30
days before the specified date and not later than the later of (i) December 31
of the year in which the specified date occurs or (ii) the fifteenth day of the
third month after the month in which the specified date occurs. If the period
described in the preceding sentence includes dates in more than one taxable
year, the Deferral Participant shall not be permitted, directly or indirectly,
to designate the taxable year of payment. 

F.  
       
       Unsecured Obligation   .  

All amounts deferred pursuant to this Plan and credited to a Deferral Account will
be unfunded and unsecured and subject to obligations of the Company. Each Deferral
Participant s right will be as an unsecured general creditor of the Company. Except
as set forth in Section G of this Article VI, no assets shall be set aside in trust
or otherwise hereunder. 

G.  
       
       Trust Fund   .  

Shares of Common Stock equal to all or a portion of the share equivalents credited
to Deferred Stock Accounts under this Plan may, in the sole discretion of the
Company, be held and administered in trust ( Trust Fund ) in accordance with the
terms of this Plan. The Trust Fund will be held under a trust agreement between the
Company and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Trustee, or any duly appointed successor
trustee. All Common Stock in the Trust Fund will be held on a commingled basis and
will be subject to the claims of general creditors of the Company in accordance with
the requirements of Revenue Procedure 92-65 or its successor. The Trustee, in its
discretion, will vote shares of Common Stock held in any Trust Fund under this Plan. 

H.  
       
       Transferability   .  

No right to receive a distribution hereunder shall be transferable or assignable
other than (i) by will or the laws of descent and distribution, (ii) to the extent
required pursuant to a domestic relations order that satisfies the requirements of 

16 

Rule 16a-12 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or any successor rule, or
(iii) by designation of a beneficiary under Section I of this Article VI. 

I.  
       
       Beneficiary   .  

A Deferral Participant may designate a beneficiary on or after the date he or she
files a Deferral Election and may, from time to time, change or revoke his or her
beneficiary designation and file a new beneficiary designation with the Company.
The designation of beneficiary will apply to all of the Deferral Participant s
Deferral Account balances. In the absence of a valid designation, or if the
designated beneficiary does not survive the Deferral Participant, the distribution
will be made to the Deferral Participant s estate. If any beneficiary dies after
becoming entitled to receive Plan distributions, the remaining distribution will be
made to the beneficiary s estate. 

VII.  
       
      ADJUSTMENTS FOR CERTAIN CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION  

If any change is made to the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any outstanding
option granted under the Plan or Formula Stock Award (whether by reason of merger,
consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, stock dividend, stock split, combination of
shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or otherwise), then appropriate
adjustments shall be made, consistent with the requirements of Code  409A, to (i) the
maximum number of shares that may be granted under the Plan or subject to options granted
under the Plan, (ii) the number of shares and exercise price per share of Common Stock
subject to options then outstanding under the Plan, and (iii) the number of share
equivalents credited to any Deferred Stock Account. The grant of options or Formula Stock
Awards under the Plan shall not affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify,
reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate,
dissolve, liquidate or sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. Any
fractional shares or share equivalents resulting from adjustments will be rounded to the
nearest whole share or share equivalent. 

VIII.  
       
      ADMINISTRATION  

The Plan Administrator s responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: 

To adopt rules for administration of the Plan. 

To interpret and implement the provisions of the Plan. 

To resolve all questions regarding the administration, interpretation and
application of the Plan. 

17 

To have all other powers as may be necessary to discharge responsibilities under the
Plan. 

The Plan Administrator s determinations shall be conclusive and binding on all persons
claiming any benefit or right under the Plan. 

IX.  
       
      TERM  

The Plan will continue indefinitely, as it may be amended or modified from time to time,
until terminated. No options or Formula Stock Awards may be granted under the Plan after
the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date. Unless earlier terminated in accordance with
Article X, the Plan will terminate when there are no longer options outstanding hereunder
and all Deferral Account balances have been distributed. 

X.  
       
      AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION, SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION  

The Plan may be amended, modified, suspended or terminated at any time by action of the
Board of Directors or the Committee. No termination, suspension or modification of the Plan
will (i) adversely affect any right in any option outstanding hereunder to the extent the
same has not been exercised unless otherwise agreed to by the optionee or (ii) adversely
affect any benefits to which a Deferral Participant would have been entitled under Article
VI if termination of the Deferral Participant s service as a Non-Employee Director had
occurred on the day prior to the date such action was taken, unless agreed to by the
Deferral Participant. It will be conclusively presumed that any adjustment for changes in
capitalization provided for in Article VII does not adversely affect any such right.
Notwithstanding the above, upon termination of the Plan, the Board or the Committee may
mandate the immediate distribution of all amounts held in Deferral Accounts; provided,
however, that accelerated distribution of the portions of Participants  Deferral Accounts
that are subject to Section E of Article VI of this Plan (i.e., balances attributable to
eligible compensation not earned and vested prior to January 1, 2005) shall only be
permitted on account of Plan termination in accordance with Treas. Reg.  1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix),
which generally permits: 

a. 
       
     termination and liquidation of the Plan if that occurs within
12 months of a corporate dissolution or bankruptcy; 

b. 
       
     termination and liquidation of the Plan pursuant to irrevocable
action taken during the period commencing 30 days before and ending 12 months
after a change in control event within the meaning of Treas. Reg.
 1.409A-3(i)(5), but only if all deferred compensation arrangements sponsored
by the Company and its Affiliates that are treated as a single plan under
Treas. Reg.  1.409A-1(c)(2) that includes this Plan are terminated and
liquidated with respect to every participant who experienced such change in
control event, and all amounts payable under such single plan for such
participants are paid within 12 months after the irrevocable action is taken;
or 

18 

c. 
       
     termination and liquidation of the Plan, provided: 

(1) 
       
     the termination and liquidation is not
proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the Company and its
Affiliates, 

(2) 
       
     the Company and its Affiliates also terminate
and liquidate all other deferral arrangements that would be aggregated
with the Plan under Treas. Reg.  1.409A-1(c)(2); 

(3) 
       
     no accelerated payments are made within 12
months after irrevocable action is taken to terminate and liquidate the
Plan, 

(4) 
       
     all payments are made within 24 months after
all necessary action is taken to irrevocably terminate and liquidate
the Plan, and 

(5) 
       
     during the three years after such irrevocable
action is taken the Company and its Affiliates do not adopt a new plan
that would be aggregated with the Plan under Treas. Reg.
 1.409A-1(c)(2) if the Plan still existed. 

The foregoing provisions of this Article X shall not prohibit the earlier distribution of
any Deferral Account in accordance with the provisions of Article VI. 

XI.  
       
      MISCELLANEOUS  

A.  
       
       No Guaranty of Service   .  

Neither participation in this Plan nor the grant of any award hereunder constitutes
a guarantee or contract of service as a Non-Employee Director. 

B.  
       
       Governing Law   .  

The Plan and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant hereto shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware. 

C.  
       
       Severability   .  

If any provision of the Plan is determined to be illegal or invalid (in whole or in
part) for any reason, or if the Plan Administrator cannot reasonably interpret any
provision so as to avoid violation of Code  409A or constructive receipt of
compensation under this Plan before the actual receipt of such compensation, this
Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the provision had not been included. 

19 

</EX-10.(F)>

<EX-10.(V)>
 4
 f38267exv10wxvy.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.(V)

exv10wxvy 

Exhibit 10(v)  
  Amendment to PartnerShares Stock Option Plan   

Effective January 22, 2008, no future awards may be granted under the  PartnerShares  Stock
Option Plan, and the number of shares of Company common stock available for awards and authorized
and reserved for issuance under the Plan shall be reduced accordingly.

</EX-10.(V)>

<EX-10.(X)>
 5
 f38267exv10wxxy.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.(X)

exv10wxxy 

Exhibit 10(x) 

WF DEFERRED COMPENSATION HOLDINGS, INC. 
NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
FOR INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS 

As Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2008

WF DEFERRED COMPENSATION HOLDINGS, INC. 
NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
FOR INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page  

ARTICLE I 
       
     NAME AND PURPOSE 

1 

Section 1.1 
       
     Name of Plan 

Section 1.2 
       
     Purpose 

Section 1.3 
       
     Effective Dates 

ARTICLE II 
       
     DEFINITIONS 

1 

Section 2.1 
       
     Definitions 

ARTICLE III 
       
     PARTICIPATING COMPANY 

4 

Section 3.1 
       
     Eligibility 

Section 3.2 
       
     Participation Requirements 

Section 3.3 
       
     Recordkeeping and Reporting 

Section 3.4 
       
     Termination of Participation 

Section 3.5 
       
     Separate Accounting 

ARTICLE IV 
       
     ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 

5 

Section 4.1 
       
     Eligibility 

Section 4.2 
       
     Participation 

ARTICLE V 
       
     DEFERRAL ELECTIONS 

6 

Section 5.1 
       
     Deferral Elections 

Section 5.2 
       
     Transfer Amounts 

Section 5.3 
       
     Participant Accounts 

ARTICLE VI 
       
     VALUATION OF ACCOUNTS 

7 

Section 6.1 
       
     Establishment of Accounts 

Section 6.2 
       
     Deferral Accounts and Transfer Accounts 

Section 6.3 
       
     Allocation of Amounts 

Section 6.4 
       
     Hypothetical Accounts 

ARTICLE VII 
       
     VESTING OF ACCOUNT 

9 

-i- 

Page  

Section 7.1 
       
     Vested Benefit 

Section 7.2 
       
     Limitation on Amounts 

ARTICLE VIII 
       
     DISTRIBUTIONS 

10 

Section 8.1 
       
     Distribution Commencement Date 

Section 8.2 
       
     Subsequent Elections 

Section 8.3 
       
     Manner of Payment to Participant 

Section 8.4 
       
     Payment to Beneficiary 

Section 8.5 
       
     Withdrawals Due to Unforseeable Emergency 

Section 8.6 
       
     Designation of Beneficiaries 

Section 8.7 
       
     Death Prior to Full Distribution 

Section 8.8 
       
     Facility of Payment 

Section 8.9 
       
     Form of Distribution 

Section 8.10 
       
     Distributions As a Result of Tax Determination 

Section 8.11 
       
     Distribution of Small Aggregate Balances 

Section 8.12 
       
     Payment on the Designated Date 

ARTICLE IX 
       
     FUNDING OF PLAN 

15 

Section 9.1 
       
     Unfunded and Unsecured Plan 

Section 9.2 
       
     Corporate Obligation 

ARTICLE X 
       
     AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

16 

Section 10.1 
       
     Amendment and Termination 

Section 10.2 
       
     No Oral Amendments 

Section 10.3 
       
     Plan Binding on Successors 

ARTICLE XI 
       
     DETERMINATIONS   RULES AND REGULATIONS 

17 

Section 11.1 
       
     Determinations 

Section 11.2 
       
     Method of Executing Instruments 

Section 11.3 
       
     Claims Procedure 

Section 11.4 
       
     Limitations and Exhaustion 

ARTICLE XII 
       
     PLAN ADMINISTRATION 

20 

Section 12.1 
       
     Officers 

Section 12.2 
       
     President 

Section 12.3 
       
     Board of Directors 

Section 12.4 
       
     Delegation 

Section 12.5 
       
     Conflict of Interest 

Section 12.6 
       
     Administrator 

Section 12.7 
       
     Service of Process 

Section 12.8 
       
     Expenses 

Section 12.9 
       
     Spendthrift Provision 

-ii- 

WF DEFERRED COMPENSATION HOLDINGS, INC. 
NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
FOR INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS 

ARTICLE I 

NAME, PURPOSE AND EFFECTIVE DATES 

Section 1.1   Name of Plan . The name of the Plan is the  WF Deferred Compensation
Holdings, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Independent Contractors. 

Section 1.2   Purpose . The purpose of the Plan is to attract and retain individuals who are
classified and treated as independent contractors who perform investment, financial or other
services for or with respect to a Participating Company that are determined by the Company to be
 Qualified Services. 

Section 1.3   Effective Dates . The Plan was established and adopted effective as of January 1,
2002. This amended and restated plan document ( Restatement ) is effective as of January 1, 2008.
This Restatement is intended to satisfy the requirements of Code  409A and applicable guidance
thereunder and shall be construed and administered accordingly.

ARTICLE II 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 2.1  Definitions . When the following terms are used in this instrument with
initial capital letters, they shall have the meanings ascribed to them by this section unless the
context indicates that other meanings are intended:

(a) 
       
       Account .   Account  means a separate bookkeeping account established and
maintained for a Participant representing a separate unfunded and unsecured general
obligation of the Company with respect to the Participant under the Plan. An  Account 
shall be either a Deferral Account or a Transfer Account.

(b) 
       
       Affiliate .   Affiliate  means any entity other than the Company that is part of
a  single employer  within the meaning of subsection (b) or (c) of Code  414 that
includes the Company.

(c) 
       
       Beneficiary .   Beneficiary  means the person, persons or trust designated by
a Participant, or automatically by operation of the Plan, to receive any distributions

-1- 

which may become payable under this Plan by reason of the death of the Participant.

(d) 
       
       Board of Directors .   Board of Directors  means the Board of Directors of the
Company.

(e) 
       
       Code .   Code  means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as from time to time
amended.

(f) 
       
       Common Stock .   Common Stock  means Wells Fargo   Company common stock.

(g) 
       
       Company .   Company  means WF Deferred Compensation Holdings, Inc., which is the
sponsor of the Plan, and its successors and assigns.

(h) 
       
       Complete Termination .   Complete Termination  means a termination and
liquidation of the Plan that satisfies the requirements of Treas. Reg.
 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix), which generally permits accelerated payment upon:

(i) 
       
      termination and liquidation of the Plan within 12 months of a
corporate dissolution or bankruptcy;

(ii) 
       
      termination and liquidation of the Plan pursuant to irrevocable
action taken during the period commencing 30 days before and ending 12 months
after a change in control event within the meaning of Treas. Reg.
 1.409A-3(i)(5), but only if all deferred compensation arrangements sponsored
by the Company and its Affiliates that are treated as a single plan under
Treas. Reg.  1.409A-1(c)(2) that includes this Plan are terminated and
liquidated with respect to every participant who experienced such change in
control event, and all amounts payable under such single plan for such
participants are paid within 12 months after the irrevocable action is taken;
or

(iii) 
       
      any other termination and liquidation of the Plan, if the
following requirements are satisfied:

(1) 
       
      the termination and liquidation is not
proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the Company and its
Affiliates,

(2) 
       
      the Company and its Affiliates also terminate
and liquidate all other deferral arrangements that would be aggregated
with the Plan under Treas. Reg.  1.409A-1(c)(2);

(3) 
       
      no accelerated payments are made within 12
months after irrevocable action is taken to terminate and liquidate the
Plan,

-2- 

(4) 
       
      all payments are made within 24 months after
all necessary action is taken to irrevocably terminate and liquidate
the Plan, and

(5) 
       
      during the three years after such irrevocable
action is taken the Company and its Affiliates do not adopt a new plan
that would be aggregated with the Plan under Treas. Reg.
 1.409A-1(c)(2) if the Plan still existed.

(i) 
       
       Deferral Account .   Deferral Account  means an Account established and
maintained for a Participant to which is credited the amounts deferred by the
Participant pursuant to a Deferral Election.

(j) 
       
       Deferral Election .   Deferral Election  means an irrevocable election to defer
receipt of Eligible Compensation by an individual who satisfies the eligibility
requirements of Section 4.1, provided such election was made, accepted and approved in
accordance with Section 5.1.

(k) 
       
       Eligible Compensation .   Eligible Compensation  means the remuneration payable
to an independent contractor by a Participating Company that the Participating Company
(with approval of the Company) determines prior to the beginning of a Plan Year will be
eligible for deferral in that Plan Year. Except as otherwise so determined, Eligible
Compensation includes only securities commissions and net advisory service fees, and
shall not include any other remuneration (such as, but not limited to, compensation for
sales of fixed insurance and banking products).

(l) 
       
       ERISA .   ERISA  means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
from time to time amended.

(m) 
       
       Participant . Participant means an individual described in Section 4.2 of the
Plan.

(n) 
       
       Participating Company .  Participating Company  means any Affiliate
participating in the Plan pursuant to Article III. A Participating Company that ceases
to be an Affiliate shall nevertheless continue to be considered a Participating Company
for the remainder of the Plan Year in which it ceased to be an Affiliate.

(o) 
       
       Plan .  Plan  means the WF Deferred Compensation Holdings, Inc. Nonqualified
Deferred Compensation Plan for Independent Contractors.

(p) 
       
       Plan Year .   Plan Year  means the twelve (12) consecutive month period
beginning January 1 and ending December 31.

(q) 
       
       Qualified Services .   Qualified Services  means investment, financial or other
services performed for or with respect to a Participating Company that the
Participating Company (with approval of the Company) determines prior to the

-3- 

beginning of a Plan Year will satisfy the requirement of Section 4.1(a) for that
Plan Year. Except as otherwise so determined, Qualified Services include services
performed as an H.D. Vest Advisor by an individual who is not an employee or officer
of the Company or any Affiliate, and for which the individual is paid Eligible
Compensation.

(r) 
       
       Separation From Service .   Separation From Service  means a Participant s
 separation from service  within the meaning of Code  409A(a)(2)(A)(i) and applicable
guidance thereunder. Generally, those rules provide that a Separation from Service
will occur upon the expiration of all contracts under which the Participant performs
services for the Company or an Affiliate, provided such expiration constitutes a
good-faith and complete termination of the contractual relationship. No such complete
termination, and therefore no Separation from Service, will occur if the Company or an
Affiliate anticipates either (i) a renewal of the contractual relationship (e.g., if
the need for the services recurs or funds again become available to pay for the
services) or (ii) the hiring of the Participant as an employee.

(s) 
       
       Transfer Account .   Transfer Account  means an Account established and
maintained for a Participant that is credited pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Plan with
the benefit that was payable under another nonqualified deferred compensation plan
prior to the combination or consolidation of that other plan with this Plan.

(t) 
       
       Valuation Date .   Valuation Date  means each business day during the Plan Year.

(u) 
       
       Vested .   Vested  means nonforfeitable. Pursuant to Section 7.2, only the
Vested portion of a Participant s Accounts under the Plan is payable to or with respect
to the Participant.

ARTICLE III 

PARTICIPATING COMPANY 

Section 3.1   Eligibility .  Any Affiliate approved by the Company pursuant to Section 3.2
is eligible to adopt and participate in the Plan.

Section 3.2   Participation Requirements .  The Company may consent to the adoption of the Plan
by any Affiliate subject to such conditions as the Company may impose. Any such Affiliate shall
request to adopt the Plan by delivering to the Company a certified copy of the resolutions of its
board of directors (or other authorized body or individual) adopting the Plan. The date on which
such Affiliate may become a Participating Company in the Plan shall be the

-4- 

date such resolution is filed with the Company and approved by the Company, or such later date
specified in the resolution after approval by the Company.

Section 3.3   Recordkeeping and Reporting .  The Company shall maintain records sufficient to
determine the amounts (and the remuneration sources of such amounts) which may become payable to or
with respect to a Participant who performs services to or with respect to a Participating Company
and to provide such Participant with any reports which may be required under the terms of the Plan
or as required by law.

Section 3.4   Termination of Participation .  A Participating Company may withdraw from
participation in the Plan at the end of any Plan Year by providing the Company with 30 days advance
written notice of such withdrawal from participation, which 30-day notice period may be waived by
the Company. The Company may also terminate the participation of a Participating Company at the
end of any Plan Year by providing such Participating Company with 30 days advance written notice of
such termination of participation, which 30-day notice period may be waived by the Participating
Company. In addition, if a Participating Company ceases to be an Affiliate of the Company, the
Participating Company s participation in the Plan shall automatically terminate as of the end of
the Plan Year in which the Participating Company ceases to be an Affiliate.

Section 3.5   Separate Accounting .  The Company shall establish and maintain separate Accounts
for each Participant who performs services to or with respect to a Participating Company to which
shall be credited any amounts that are allocated or credited under the Plan.

ARTICLE IV 

ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 

Section 4.1   Eligibility .  In order to make a Deferral Election under the Plan, an
individual must satisfy the following requirements:

(a) 
       
      the individual must be classified and treated by a Participating Company as an
independent contractor who provides Qualified Services to or with respect to the
Participating Company;

(b) 
       
      the individual s tax year must be the calendar year; and

(c) 
       
      the individual must be designated as eligible to participate in the Plan by the
Participating Company and the Company.

The determinations made by the Participating Company and Company with respect to an individual
shall be conclusive and binding on all parties. Furthermore, the Participating Company (with
approval of the Company) may in its discretion determine that a Participant who performs or who has
performed Qualified Services to or with respect to the Participating

-5- 

Company is no longer eligible to defer Eligible Compensation under the Plan. In the event of such
a determination, the Participant shall not be permitted to make any further Deferral Elections
until his or her eligibility is restored, and any Deferral Election made prior to such
determination that applies to a later Plan Year will be void. Any Deferral Election made prior to
the Participant s loss of eligibility that applies to Eligible Compensation for the Plan Year in
which the determination is made, however, shall be unaffected.

Section 4.2   Participation .  An individual who has made a Deferral Election or who has a
Transfer Account shall be considered a Participant. Once an individual becomes a Participant in
the Plan, the individual shall remain a Participant until his or her death or, if earlier, the date
on which all amounts payable under the Plan to or on behalf of the individual have been
distributed.

ARTICLE V 

DEFERRAL ELECTIONS 

Section 5.1   Deferral Elections .  An individual who satisfies the requirements of Section
4.1 and is eligible to make a Deferral Election may elect to defer all or a portion of the
Eligible Compensation earned by such individual s service during the Plan Year first commencing
after the Plan Year in which the Deferral Election is made. Deferral Elections shall be subject
to the following:

(a) 
       
      Deferral Elections must be made in the form and manner prescribed by the
Company and must be filed with and accepted and approved by the Company before the
first day of the Plan Year in which the affected Eligible Compensation is earned. For
purposes of the preceding sentence, commissions subject to Treas. Reg.  1.409A-2(a)(12)
shall be considered earned as provided therein. Eligible Compensation (including
commission compensation) that is payable after the last day of the Plan Year in which
it is earned shall be treated as earned when it is paid (or in the absence of a
deferral would be payable), to the extent permitted by Treas. Reg.  1.409A-2(a)(13).

(b) 
       
      Except in the event of a withdrawal pursuant to Section 8.5, a Deferral
Election shall become irrevocable, and the Participant shall have no further right to
the affected Eligible Compensation other than as provided under the Plan, no later than
December 31 of the Plan Year in which the Deferral Election is made (i.e., December 31
of the Plan Year prior to the Plan Year in which the Eligible Compensation is earned).

(c) 
       
      A Deferral Election shall be effective only for the Plan Year specified in the
Deferral Election. A new Deferral Election must be filed for each Plan Year.

-6- 

(d) 
       
      A Deferral Election shall specify the Eligible Compensation to be deferred, the
investment option(s) that will determine the investment adjustments pursuant to Article
VI, and the time and manner of distribution. The amount deferred may be determined
either as a percentage of Eligible Compensation (expressed in whole percent increments
up to 100%), or as a dollar amount (expressed in increments of $100 and limited by the
Eligible Compensation payable to the Participant).

(e) 
       
      Amounts deferred pursuant to a Deferral Election shall be credited to a
Deferral Account established for the Participant. Such credits shall be effective as
of the close of business on the date that the Eligible Compensation otherwise would
have been paid to the Participant.

Section 5.2   Transfer Amounts . The Company may determine in its sole and absolute discretion
to combine or consolidate other nonqualified deferred compensation plans with this Plan. If the
Company combines or consolidates another nonqualified deferred compensation plan with this Plan,
separate Transfer Accounts under this Plan shall be credited with the benefit payable to each
participant in that other nonqualified deferred compensation plan. The manner in which such
benefits are valued, the time as of which such values will be credited, and the other terms and
conditions applicable to such Transfer Accounts shall be described in an appendix to this Plan
document which shall be incorporated herein by reference.

Section 5.3   Participant Accounts . Accounts shall be established and maintained for each
Participant. They shall be credited with amounts measured in U.S. dollars or the value of shares
of Common Stock. Deferral Accounts for a Participant shall be credited as described in Section 5.1
for any deferred amounts. Transfer Accounts for a Participant shall be credited with such amounts
as determined by the Company as set forth in an appendix attached to this Plan document and
incorporated in the Plan by reference as described in Section 5.2.

ARTICLE VI 

VALUATION OF ACCOUNTS 

Section 6.1   Establishment of Accounts . There shall be established for each Participant
one or more unfunded, bookkeeping Accounts which shall be adjusted each Valuation Date.

Section 6.2   Deferral Accounts and Transfer Accounts . As of each Valuation Date (the  current
Valuation Date ), the value of each Deferral Account and Transfer Account determined as of the
immediately preceding Valuation Date (the  previous Account value ) shall be adjusted in the
following sequence:

(a) 
       
       Intermediate Distribution Subtraction . The previous Account value shall be
reduced by the total amount distributed to or with respect to the Participant from such
Account.

-7- 

(b) 
       
       Deferral Amounts . The previous value (as adjusted above) of a Deferral Account
shall be increased by the amounts deferred, if any, pursuant to Article V of the Plan.

(c) 
       
       Investment Adjustment . The previous Account value (as adjusted above) shall be
adjusted to reflect an amount determined based upon the value of the amounts that are
allocated among one or more investment options made available by the Company. The
value of amounts credited to the Account and allocated to an investment option shall be
deemed to be invested in such investment option, reflecting all earnings, losses and
other distributions or charges and changes in value which would have been incurred
through such an investment.

(d) 
       
       Final Distribution Subtraction . The previous Account value (as adjusted above)
shall be reduced by the total amount distributed to or with respect to the Participant
from such Account as of the current Valuation Date.

Section 6.3   Allocation of Amounts . Each year, a Participant may request to allocate or
reallocate among one or more investment options made available by the Company for purposes of
measuring the value of the benefit that may be payable to or with respect to the Participant under
the Plan except as provided under subsection (a) of this Section 6.3. The Participant s request
must be made in the form and manner designated by the Company and must be submitted before the
beginning of each calendar year to which such request applies. All such requests must designate
the amount to be allocated or reallocated in one percent (1%) increments, and are subject to
acceptance by the Company at its discretion. If accepted by the Company, an allocation request
will be effective as of the first business day of the calendar year following the calendar year in
which such request was made. Upon acceptance of an investment request pursuant to this Section
6.3, the Company will process the request and the request shall be implemented and reflected in the
Participant s Accounts. If no request is made, the Company may, in its sole discretion, allocate
or reallocate amounts credited to the Participant s Accounts among one or more investment options
made available by the Company. The portion of any Accounts allocated to an investment option shall
be deemed to be invested in such investment option, reflecting all earnings, losses and other
distributions or charges and changes in value which would have been incurred through such an
investment. The Company specifically reserves the authority and right to determine which
investment options if any, to make available, and the continued availability of selected investment
options. If an investment option includes Common Stock, the following rules shall also apply:

(a) 
       
       Common Stock . The Company may permit the value of any amounts credited to the
Participant s Accounts to be measured by the value of the Common Stock. If the Company
permits amounts to be measured in this manner, a Participant may elect to have a
portion (subject to any minimum percentage or minimum dollar amount) or all of such
amounts credited to his or her Accounts measured by the value of Common Stock. Once a
Participant has elected to have a portion (all or a part) of the Participant s Accounts
measured by the value of the Common Stock, the Participant shall not be permitted to
reallocate that portion of the Participant s

-8- 

Accounts (including any adjustments to that portion under Section 6.2(c)) to any
other investment option. Once such election is made and accepted by the Company, the
election shall be irrevocable. The election shall be effected as soon as possible
by crediting the Account with the number of units (including fractions thereof)
equal to the number of shares (including fractions thereof) of Common Stock that
could have been purchased with the dollar amount subject to this election based upon
the New York Stock Exchange only closing price as of the business day immediately
preceding the date that the Account is credited with the units. Each unit shall be
measured by the value of one share of Common Stock and treated as though invested in
a share of Common Stock. The liability of the Company under the Plan with respect
to such units shall be satisfied only in shares of Common Stock, subject to any
applicable State and Federal securities requirements.

(b) 
       
       Cash Dividends . Amounts measured by the value of Common Stock shall be
credited on each Common Stock dividend payment date with that number of units equal to
the number of shares which would have been acquired based upon the cash dividends paid
on shares of Common Stock equal to the number of units credited to the Accounts as of
the record date for such dividend based upon the New York Stock Exchange only closing
price as of the business day immediately preceding the dividend payment date.

(c) 
       
       Adjustments to Common Stock . The number of units credited to the Accounts
shall be adjusted to reflect any change in the outstanding Common Stock by reason of
any stock dividend or split, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, combination or
exchange of shares or other similar corporate change.

(d) 
       
       Voting of Common Stock . No Participant or Beneficiary shall be entitled to any
voting rights with respect to any units credited to the Accounts.

Section 6.4   Hypothetical Accounts . The Accounts established under this Plan (including any
accounts established in an appendix attached to the Plan document and incorporated in the Plan by
reference) shall be hypothetical in nature and shall be maintained for bookkeeping purposes only.
Neither the Plan nor any of the Accounts (sub-accounts or any accounts established under this Plan)
shall hold or be required to hold any actual funds or assets.

ARTICLE VII 

VESTING OF ACCOUNT 

Section 7.1   Vested Amount . Except as elsewhere specifically provided, the amounts
credited to the Account or Accounts of each Participant shall be Vested as follows:

(a) 
       
      Deferral Accounts shall be one hundred percent (100%) Vested at all times.

-9- 

(b) 
       
      Unless otherwise provided for in an appendix which is attached to this Plan
document and incorporated herein by reference, Transfer Accounts shall be one hundred
percent (100%) Vested at all times.

Section 7.2   Limitation on Amounts . The amounts that may be payable to or on behalf of a
Participant under the Plan shall not exceed an amount equal to the value of the Vested amounts
credited to the Participant s Accounts.

ARTICLE VIII 

DISTRIBUTIONS 

Section 8.1   Distribution Commencement Date . Distribution of a Participant s Deferral
Accounts shall be made (or, in the case of installments, shall commence) on the earliest of the
following dates:

(a) 
       
      March 1 of the year selected by the Participant in the Deferral Election that
caused amounts to be credited to the Deferral Account, or, if the Participant has made
a subsequent election pursuant to Section 8.2, March 1 of the year selected by the
Participant in that subsequent election.

(b) 
       
      March 1 immediately following the earliest to occur of the following events:

(i) 
       
      the Participant s death;

(ii) 
       
      the Participant s Separation From Service; and

(c) 
       
      the date on which all outstanding Accounts are distributed due to the Plan s
Complete Termination.

Distribution of Transfer Accounts shall be made (or in the case of installments, shall commence) as
provided in the applicable appendix. If a Participant fails to elect a distribution commencement
year for a Deferral Account, this Section 8.1 shall be applied to that Deferral Account without
regard to subsection (a) above. The date for distribution of all outstanding Accounts referred to
in (c) above shall be a date selected by the Company that allows payment to be made on or before
the last day upon which accelerated payment due to a Complete Termination can be made in accordance
with the applicable guidance under Code  409A(a)(3).

Section 8.2   Subsequent Elections . A Participant who previously elected a distribution
commencement year for a Deferral Account and who has not had a Separation From Service may elect a
new distribution commencement year for that Deferral Account that is at least five years after the
Participant s previously elected distribution commencement year for such Deferral Account. Any
such election shall be filed on a form and in the manner provided by the Company, at least twelve
(12) months prior to the previously elected distribution

-10- 

commencement year (if any). Such election shall not take effect until at least 12 months
after the date on which it is filed. An election pursuant to this Section 8.2 shall not change the
manner of distribution (lump sum or installments) applicable to that Deferral Account. Only one
election pursuant to this Section 8.2 shall be permitted for any Deferral Account.

Section 8.3   Manner of Payment to Participant . Subject to the Board s authority in Section
10.1, a Participant s Deferral Accounts shall be paid as follows:

(a) 
       
       Installments . If elected by the Participant in his or her Deferral Election,
the Deferral Account credited with amounts attributable to that Deferral Election shall
be paid in a series of annual installments selected by the Participant not to exceed
ten (10) annual payments. Each annual installment payment shall be made as of the
first day of March of the year for which payment is made. The amount of each
installment payment shall be determined by dividing the amount credited to the Deferral
Account as of the date on which the installment is to be paid by the number of
remaining installment payments to be made from the Deferral Account (including the
payment being determined). The Participant s Accounts shall continue to be adjusted in
accordance with the provisions of Article VI of the Plan.

(b) 
       
       Lump Sum Election . If elected by the Participant in his or her Deferral
Election, the Deferral Account credited with amounts attributable to that Deferral
Election shall be paid in a single lump sum.

(c) 
       
       Lump Sum Only . Notwithstanding any election by a Participant to the contrary,
in the event distribution of the Vested Accounts of all of the Participants is made
because of the Complete Termination of the Plan, the entire Vested Accounts of the
Participants shall be payable only in a single lump sum. In the event no distribution
election is made or is in effect with respect to a Deferral Account, the amount not
subject to a valid distribution election shall be payable only in a single lump sum.

Section 8.4   Payment to Beneficiary . The Beneficiary of a deceased Participant shall receive
the payment of any amounts payable on behalf of the Participant under the Plan in such manner as
the Participant would have received them had the Participant survived. Such distribution shall be
made (or, in the case of installments that did not begin prior to the Participant s death, shall
commence) on the March 1 immediately following the date of the Participant s death.

Section 8.5   Withdrawals Due to Unforseeable Emergency . Notwithstanding any provision of this
Article VIII to the contrary, a Participant may withdraw all or a portion of the balance of his or
her Accounts due to unforeseeable emergency, subject to the following:

(a) 
       
      For purposes of this section,  unforeseeable emergency  means a severe
financial hardship resulting from (i) illness or accident of the Participant or his or
her

-11- 

spouse, beneficiary or dependent, (ii) loss of the Participant s home or property due
to casualty, or (iii) other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances
beyond the control of the Participant. For example, needs such as the following may
constitute unforeseeable emergencies: (1) imminent foreclosure of or eviction from
the Participant s primary residence; (2) funeral expenses for the Participant s
spouse, beneficiary or dependent; or (3) uninsured medical expenses of the
Participant or his or her spouse, beneficiary or dependent.

(b) 
       
      Withdrawals are available both before and after a Participant s Separation From
Service.

(c) 
       
      Withdrawals under this section are not permitted to the extent the
Participant s hardship is or may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation from
insurance or otherwise, by liquidation of the Participant s assets (to the extent
liquidation would not cause a severe financial hardship), or by cessation of deferrals
under the Plan. For this purpose, any additional compensation that is available from a
qualified employer plan (including any loan) or that, due to the unforeseeable
emergency, is available under another nonqualified deferred compensation plan may be
disregarded.

(d) 
       
      If a Participant takes a withdrawal under this section, his or her Deferral
Election for the year in which the withdrawal occurs (if any) will be terminated and no
Eligible Compensation will be deferred under Section 5.1 for the remainder of that
year.

(e) 
       
      The amount withdrawn shall not exceed the amount reasonably necessary to
satisfy the unforeseeable emergency (which may include amounts necessary to pay any
Federal, state, or local income taxes or penalties reasonably anticipated to result
from the withdrawal).

(f) 
       
      Withdrawal requests must be made in writing and are subject to approval by the
Company. The Company has discretionary authority to determine the extent to which a
payment available under this Section 8.5 will be made. The Participant must supply any
financial or other information the Company determines is necessary to determine whether
to permit the withdrawal.

(g) 
       
      The Participant s Account balances will be reduced by the amounts withdrawn.
If the Participant has more than one Account, the Company will designate how the
withdrawal amount is allocated among those Accounts at the time the withdrawal is paid.

Section 8.6   Designation of Beneficiaries .

(a) 
       
       Right to Designate . Each Participant may designate, upon a form prescribed by
and filed with the Company, one or more primary Beneficiaries or alternative
Beneficiaries to receive all or a specified portion of any amounts which may be

-12- 

payable with respect to the Participant under the Plan in the event of such
Participant s death. The Participant may change or revoke any such designation from
time to time without notice to or consent from any Beneficiary. No such
designation, change or revocation shall be effective unless executed by the
Participant and received and accepted by the Company during the Participant s
lifetime.

(b) 
       
       Failure of Designation . If a Participant:

(i) 
       
      fails to designate a Beneficiary,

(ii) 
       
      designates a Beneficiary and thereafter revokes such
designation without naming another Beneficiary, or

(iii) 
       
      designates one or more Beneficiaries and all such
Beneficiaries so designated fail to survive the Participant,

the amounts which may be payable with respect to the Participant under the Plan, or
the part thereof as to which such Participant s designation fails, as the case may
be, shall be payable to the first class of the following classes of automatic
Beneficiaries with a member surviving the Participant and (except in the case of
surviving issue) in equal shares if there is more than one member in such class
surviving the Participant:

(i) 
       
      Participant s surviving spouse,

(ii) 
       
      Participant s surviving children, except that is any of the
Participant s children predecease the Participant but leave descendants
surviving, such descendants shall take by right of representation the share
their parent would have taken if living,

(iii) 
       
      Participant s surviving parents,

(iv) 
       
      Participant s surviving brothers and sisters,

(v) 
       
      Representative of Participant s estate.

(c) 
       
       Special Rules . Unless the Participant has otherwise specified in the
Participant s Beneficiary designation, the following rules shall apply:

(i) 
       
      If there is not sufficient evidence that a Beneficiary was
living at the time of the death of the Participant, it shall be deemed that the
Beneficiary was not living at the time of the death of the Participant.

(ii) 
       
      The automatic Beneficiaries specified in subsection (b) of this
Section 8.6 and the Beneficiaries designated by the Participant shall become
fixed at

-13- 

the time of the Participant s death so that, if a Beneficiary survives the
Participant but dies before the receipt of all payments due such Beneficiary
hereunder, such remaining payments shall be payable to the representative of
such Beneficiary s estate.

Section 8.7   Death Prior to Full Distribution . If, at the death of the Participant, any
payment to the Participant was due or otherwise distributable but not actually paid, the amount of
such payment shall be included in the Account which is payable to the Beneficiary (and shall not be
paid to the Participant s estate).

Section 8.8   Facility of Payment . In case of the legal disability, including minority, of a
Participant or Beneficiary eligible to receive distribution of an amount payable under the terms of
the Plan, such amount shall be payable, if the Company shall be advised of the existence of such
condition, to the duly appointed guardian, conservator or other legal representative of such
Participant or Beneficiary.

Any payment made in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section shall constitute
a complete discharge of any liability or obligation of the Participating Company, the Company and
Wells Fargo   Company for such benefit.

Section 8.9   Form of Distribution . Amounts attributable to the value of Deferral Accounts and
Transfer Accounts that are based on investment options other than Common Stock shall be payable in
the form of U.S. dollars. Amounts attributable to the value of Deferral Accounts and Transfer
Accounts that are based on shares of Common Stock shall be payable in the form of shares of Common
Stock. To the extent that the distribution is in the form of shares of Common Stock, such payment
shall be subject to all federal and state securities laws and other rules and regulations as
determined to be applicable.

Section 8.10   Distributions As a Result of Tax Determination . Notwithstanding anything in this
Plan or any Participant election to the contrary, if at any time the value of any amounts credited
to a Participant s Account or Accounts under the Plan must be included in the gross income of the
Participant and subject to tax due to a failure to meet the requirements of Code  409A, the Company
may, in its sole discretion, permit a lump sum distribution of the included amount equal to the
amount included in the Participant s gross income as a result of such failure.

Section 8.11   Distribution of Small Aggregate Balances . Notwithstanding anything in this Plan
or any Participant election to the contrary, if the aggregate value of a Participant s Accounts on
the date as of which benefit payments commence or any later date is not greater than the applicable
dollar amount under Code  402(g)(1)(B), the Participant s benefit shall be paid in an immediate
single lump sum. Payment shall not be permitted pursuant to this Section 8.11 unless the payment
results in the termination and liquidation of the Participant s entire interest under the Plan and
all other arrangements that, together with the Plan, are treated as a single plan within the
meaning of Treas. Reg.  1.409A-1(c)(2), taking into account only such interests as are subject to
Code  409A.

-14- 

Section 8.12   Payment on the Designated Date . Payment will be treated as made on the date
specified pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Article VIII if it is made:

(a) 
       
      on the specified date or any later date within the same taxable year of the
Participant;

(b) 
       
      by the 15 th  day of the third calendar month following the specified
date, provided the Participant is not permitted directly or indirectly to specify the
taxable year of payment;

(c) 
       
      within the 30-day period prior to the specified date, provided the Participant
is not permitted directly or indirectly to specify the taxable year of payment;

(d) 
       
      during the first taxable year of the Participant in which the calculation of
the amount payable is administratively practicable due to events beyond the control of
the Participant (or the Participant s beneficiary).

ARTICLE IX 

FUNDING OF PLAN 

Section 9.1   Unfunded and Unsecured Plan . The Plan shall at all times be considered
entirely unfunded for tax purposes and no provision shall at any time be made with respect to
segregating assets of any Participating Company, the Company or Wells Fargo   Company for payment
of any amounts under the Plan. The obligation of the Company under this Plan shall be an unfunded
and unsecured promise to pay. Neither the Company nor Wells Fargo   Company shall be obligated
under any circumstances to fund any financial obligations under this Plan. Any funds invested under
the Plan shall continue for all purposes to be general assets of the Company and available to the
general creditors of the Company in the event of a bankruptcy (involvement in a pending proceeding
under the Federal Bankruptcy Code) or insolvency (inability to pay debts as they mature) of the
Company. No Participant shall have any lien, prior claim or other security interest in any
property of the Company. The Company shall have no obligation to establish or maintain any fund,
trust or account (other than a bookkeeping account or reserve) for the purpose of funding or paying
the amounts promised under this Plan. If such a fund, trust or account is established by the
Company, the property therein shall remain the sole and exclusive property of the Company.

Section 9.2   Corporate Obligation . The officers of any Participating Company, the Company, or
Wells Fargo   Company shall not in any way secure or guarantee the payment of any amount which may
become due and payable under this Plan to or with respect to any Participant or Beneficiary. After
amounts shall have been paid to or with respect to a Participant and such payment covers in full
the benefits hereunder, such former Participant or other person or persons, as the case may be,
shall have no further right or interest in any assets of the Company or Wells Fargo   Company in
connection with this Plan. No person shall be under

-15- 

any liability or responsibility for failure to effect any of the objectives or purposes of
this Plan by reason of the insolvency of the Participating Company, the Company or Wells Fargo  
Company.

ARTICLE X 

AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

Section 10.1   Amendment and Termination . The Board of Directors reserves the power and
authority to alter, amend or wholly revise the Plan document prospectively, retroactively or both,
at any time and for any reason deemed sufficient by it without notice to any person affected by
this Plan and may likewise terminate this Plan both with regard to persons currently receiving
amounts under the Plan and persons expecting to receive amounts in the future. The interest of
each Participant and Beneficiary is subject to the powers so reserved; provided, however, that:

(a) 
       
      the amount, if any, payable to or with respect to a Participant who ceases to
provide any Qualified Services to or with respect to a Participating Company as of the
effective date of such amendment or the date on which the Participant ceases to provide
such services shall not be, without the written consent of the Participant, diminished
or delayed by such amendment or the termination of such services, and

(b) 
       
      the amount, if any, payable to or with respect to each other Participant
determined as if such Participant had ceased to provide any Qualified Services to or
with respect to a Participating Company on the effective date of such amendment or the
date on which the Participant is treated as if the Participant had ceased to provide
such services shall not be, without the written consent of the Participant, diminished
or delayed by such amendment or the termination of such services.

The protections described in (a) and (b) above shall not, however, prohibit the Board of Directors
from amending the Plan to modify the time and form of payment of such benefits to the extent
permitted under Code  409A.

Section 10.2   No Oral Amendments . No modification of the terms of the Plan document or
termination of this Plan shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed on behalf of the
Board of Directors by a person authorized to execute such writing. No oral representation
concerning the interpretation or effect of the Plan document shall be effective to amend the Plan
document.

Section 10.3   Plan Binding on Successors . The Plan shall be binding on any successor of the
Company (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or
substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company) to the same extent that the Company
would be required to perform as if no such succession had taken place.

-16- 

ARTICLE XI 

DETERMINATIONS   RULES AND REGULATIONS 

Section 11.1  Determinations . The Company shall make such determinations as may be
required from time to time in the operation and administration of this Plan. The Company shall
have the sole discretion, authority and responsibility to interpret and construe the Plan document
and to determine all factual and legal questions under this Plan, including but not limited to the
entitlement of Participants and Beneficiaries to any amounts which may be payable under the Plan,
and the amounts of their respective interests. The Company shall have discretionary authority to
grant or deny amounts under this Plan. The Company may, in its sole discretion delegate authority
with respect to the administration of the Plan to such other committee, person or persons as it
deems necessary or appropriate for the administration and operation of the Plan. Each interested
party may act and rely upon all information reported to them hereunder and need not inquire into
the accuracy thereof, nor be charged with any notice to the contrary.

Section 11.2  Method of Executing Instruments . Information to be supplied or written notices
to be made or consents to be given by the Board of Directors pursuant to any provision of the Plan
document may be signed in the name of the Board of Directors by any officer who has been authorized
to make such certification or to give such notices or consents.

Section 11.3  Claims Procedure . The claims procedure set forth in this Section 11.3 shall be
the exclusive administrative procedure for the disposition of claims for amounts arising under this
Plan.

(a) 
       
       Original Claim . Any person may, if he or she so desires, file with the Company
a written claim for amounts under this Plan. Within ninety (90) days after the filing
of such a claim, the Company shall notify the claimant in writing whether the claim is
upheld or denied in whole or in part or shall furnish the claimant a written notice
describing specific special circumstances requiring a specified amount of additional
time (but not more than one hundred eighty (180) days from the date the claim was
filed) to reach a decision on the claim. If the claim is denied in whole or in part,
the Company shall state in writing:

(i) 
       
      the specific reasons for the denial;

(ii) 
       
      the specific references to the pertinent provisions of the Plan
document on which the denial is based;

(iii) 
       
      a description of any additional material or information
necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such
material or information is necessary; and

- 17 - 

(iv) 
       
      an explanation of the claims review procedure set forth in this
section.

(b) 
       
       Review of Denied Claim . Within sixty (60) days after receipt of notice that
the claim has been denied in whole or in part, the claimant may file with the Board of
Directors a written request for a review and may, in conjunction therewith, submit
written issues and comments. Within sixty (60) days after the filing of such a request
for review, the Board of Directors shall notify the claimant in writing whether, upon
review, the claim was upheld or denied in whole or in part or shall furnish the
claimant a written notice describing specific special circumstances requiring a
specified amount of additional time (but not more than one hundred twenty (120) days
from the date the request for review was filed) to reach a decision on the request for
review.

(c) 
       
       General Rules .

(i) 
       
      No inquiry or question shall be deemed to be a claim or a
request for a review of a denied claim unless made in accordance with the
claims procedure. The Company may require that any claim for amounts and any
request for a review of a denied claim be filed on forms to be furnished by the
Company. Such forms will be furnished by the Company upon request.

(ii) 
       
      All decisions on Original claims shall be made by the Company
and all decisions on requests for a review of denied claims shall be made by
the Board of Directors.

(iii) 
       
      the Company and the Board of Directors may, in their
discretion, hold one or more hearings on a claim or a request for a review of a
denied claim.

(iv) 
       
      A claimant may be represented by a lawyer or other
representative (at the claimant s own expense), but the Company and the Board
of Directors reserve the right to require the claimant to furnish written
authorization. A claimant s representative shall be entitled, upon request, to
copies of all notices given to the claimant.

(v) 
       
      The decision of the Company on a claim and a decision of the
Board of Directors on a request for a review of a denied claim shall be served
on the claimant in writing. If a decision or notice is not received by a
claimant within the time specified, the claim or request for a review of a
denied claim shall be deemed to have been denied.

(vi) 
       
      Prior to filing a claim or a request for a review of a denied
claim, the claimant or his or her representative shall have a reasonable
opportunity to review a copy of the Plan document and all other pertinent
documents in the possession of the Company and the Board of Directors.

- 18 - 

(vii) 
       
      The Company and the Board of Directors may permanently or
temporarily delegate its responsibilities under this claims procedure to an
individual or a committee of individuals.

Section 11.4   Limitations and Exhaustion .

(a) 
       
       Limitations . No claim shall be considered under these administrative
procedures unless it is filed with the Company within one (1) year after the claimant
knew (or reasonably should have known) of the principal facts on which the claim is
based. Every untimely claim shall be denied by the Company without regard to the
merits of the claim. No legal action may be brought by any claimant on any matter
pertaining to this Plan unless the legal action is commenced in the proper forum before
the earlier of:

(i) 
       
      two (2) years after the claimant knew (or reasonably should
have known) of the principal facts on which the claim is based, or

(ii) 
       
      ninety (90) days after the claimant has exhausted these
administrative procedures.

Knowledge of all facts that a Participant knew (or reasonably should have known)
shall be imputed to each claimant who is or claims to be a Beneficiary of the
Participant (or otherwise claims to derive an entitlement by reference to a
Participant) for the purpose of applying the one (1) year and two (2) year periods.

(b) 
       
       Exhaustion Required . The exhaustion of these administrative procedures is
mandatory for resolving every claim and dispute arising under this Plan. As to such
claims and disputes:

(i) 
       
      no claimant shall be permitted to commence any legal action
relating to any such claim or dispute unless a timely claim has been filed
under these administrative procedures and these administrative procedures have
been exhausted; and

(ii) 
       
      in any such legal action all explicit and implicit
determinations by the Company and the Board of Directors (including, but not
limited to, determinations as to whether the claim was timely filed) shall be
afforded the maximum deference permitted by law.

- 19 - 

ARTICLE XII 

PLAN ADMINISTRATION 

Section 12.1  Officers . Except as hereinafter provided, functions generally assigned to
the Company shall be discharged by its President or delegated and allocated as provided herein.

Section 12.2  President . Except as hereinafter provided, the President of the Company may
delegate or redelegate and allocate and reallocate to one or more persons or to a committee of
persons jointly or severally, and whether or not such persons are directors, officers or employees,
such functions assigned to the Company generally hereunder as the President may from time to time
deem advisable.

Section 12.3  Board of Directors . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors shall
have the exclusive authority, which may not be delegated, to amend the Plan document and to
terminate this Plan.

Section 12.4  Delegation . The Board of Directors shall not be liable for an act or omission of
another person with regard to a responsibility that has been allocated to or delegated to such
other person pursuant to the terms of the Plan document or pursuant to procedures set forth in the
Plan document.

Section 12.5  Conflict of Interest . If any individual to whom authority has been delegated or
redelegated hereunder shall also be a Participant in this Plan, such Participant shall have no
authority with respect to any matter specially affecting such Participant s individual interest
hereunder or the interest of a person superior to him or her in the organization (as distinguished
from the interests of all Participants and Beneficiaries or a broad class of Participants and
Beneficiaries), all such authority being reserved exclusively to other individuals as the case may
be, to the exclusion of such Participant, and such Participant shall act only in such Participant s
individual capacity in connection with any such matter.

Section 12.6  Administrator . The Company shall be the Plan administrator.

Section 12.7  Service of Process . In the absence of any designation to the contrary by the
Board of Directors, the President of the Company is designated as the appropriate and exclusive
agent for the receipt of service of process directed to this Plan in any legal proceeding,
including arbitration, involving this Plan.

Section 12.8  Expenses . All expenses of administering this Plan shall be borne by the Company
and the Participating Companies. The Company shall determine the allocation of expenses among the
Participating Companies.

Section 12.9  Spendthrift Provision . No Participant or Beneficiary shall have any interest in
any Account which can be transferred nor shall any Participant or Beneficiary have any power to
anticipate, alienate, dispose of, pledge or encumber the same while in the

- 20 - 

possession or control of the Company or any Participating Company, nor shall the Company
recognize any assignment thereof, either in whole or in part, nor shall any Account be subject to
attachment, garnishment, execution following judgment or other legal process before any such
Account is distributed to the Participant or Beneficiary.

The power to designate Beneficiaries to receive any amounts payable to or with respect to a
Participant under the Plan in the event of such Participant s death shall not permit or be
construed to permit such power or right to be exercised by the Participant so as thereby to
anticipate, pledge, mortgage or encumber such amounts or any part thereof and any attempt of a
Participant to so exercise said power in violation of this provision shall be of no force and
effect and shall be disregarded by the Company.

Section 12.10  Tax Withholding . A Participating Company or the Company shall have the
authority, duty and power to withhold the amount of any applicable tax required to be withheld by
the Participating Company or the Company under applicable law with respect to any amount payable
under this Plan.

Section 12.11  Certifications . Information to be supplied or written notices to be made or
consents to be given by the Company pursuant to any provision of this Plan may be signed in the
name of the Company by any officer who has been authorized to make such certification or to give
such notices or consents.

Section 12.12  Errors in Computations . The Company and any Participating Company shall not be
liable or responsible for any error in the computation of any Account or the determination of any
benefit payable to or with respect to any Participant resulting from any misstatement of fact made
by the Participant or by or on behalf of any survivor to whom such benefit shall be payable,
directly or indirectly, to the Company or any Participating Company and used by the Company in
determining the benefit. The Company and any Participating Company shall not be obligated or
required to increase the benefit payable to or with respect to such Participant which, on discovery
of the misstatement, is found to be understated as a result of such misstatement of the
Participant. However, the benefit of any Participant which is overstated by reason of any such
misstatement or any other reason shall be reduced to the amount appropriate in view of the truth
(and to recover any prior overpayment).

Section 12.13  No Employment Rights . Neither the Plan nor any action taken under the Plan
shall be construed as providing any Participant any right to be employed by a Participating
Company, the Company or an Affiliate or to be considered or classified by the Participating
Company, the Company or an Affiliate as an employee of the Participating Company, the Company or an
Affiliate.

Section 12.14  Participants Should Consult Advisors . Neither the Company nor any Participating
Company nor any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents makes any
representation or warranty with respect to any applicable tax, financial, estate planning, or the
securities or other legal implications of participation in the Plan. Participants should consult
with their own tax, financial and legal advisors with respect to their participation in the Plan.

- 21 - 

ARTICLE XIII 

CONSTRUCTION 

Section 13.1  Applicable Laws .

(a) 
       
       ERISA Status . This Plan is adopted with the understanding that it is an
unfunded and unsecured plan maintained primarily for the purpose of providing deferred
compensation for certain individuals who are classified and treated as independent
contractors and is not subject to any requirements of ERISA. Each provision shall be
interpreted and administered accordingly.

(b) 
       
       IRC Status . This Plan is intended to be a nonqualified deferred compensation
arrangement. The rules of section 401(a)  et. seq.  of the Code shall not apply to this
Plan. This restatement of the Plan effective as of January 1, 2008 is intended to
satisfy the requirements of Code  409A and applicable guidance thereunder. This
restatement shall be construed and administered accordingly.

(c) 
       
       References to Laws . Any reference in this Plan document to a statute or
regulation shall be considered also to mean and refer to any subsequent amendment or
replacement of that statute or regulation.

Section 13.2  Effect on Other Agreements . This Plan shall not alter, enlarge or diminish any
person s obligations or rights or obligations under any other agreement with any Participating
Company or the Company except as provided in an appendix to this Plan. It being expressly intended
that this Plan shall not be affected by the benefit structures of any other plan maintained by
Wells Fargo   Company, the Company or any Participating Company as any such plan may exist at the
adoption of this Plan or upon the commencement of participation or at any other time.

Section 13.3  Disqualification . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan document or
any election or designation made under this Plan, any individual who feloniously and intentionally
kills a Participant shall be deemed for all purposes of this Plan and all elections and
designations made under this Plan to have died before such Participant. A final judgment or
conviction of felonious and intentional killing is conclusive for this purpose. In the absence of
a conviction of felonious and intentional killing, the Company shall determine whether the killing
was felonious and intentional for this purpose.

Section 13.4  Rules of Document Construction .

(a) 
       
      An individual shall be considered to have attained a given age on such
individual s birthday for that age (and not on the day before). Individuals born on
February 29 in a leap year shall be considered to have their birthdays on February 28
in each year that is not a leap year.

- 22 - 

(b) 
       
      Whenever appropriate, words used herein in the singular may be read in the
plural, or words used herein in the plural may be read in the singular; the masculine
may include the feminine; and the words  hereof,   herein  or  hereunder  or other
similar compounds of the word  here  shall mean and refer to the entire Plan document
and not to any particular paragraph or Section of the Plan document unless the context
clearly indicates to the contrary.

(c) 
       
      The titles given to the various sections of the Plan document are inserted for
convenience of reference only and are not part of the Plan document, and they shall not
be considered in determining the purpose, meaning or intent of any provision hereof.

(d) 
       
      Notwithstanding anything apparently to the contrary contained in the Plan
document, the Plan document shall be construed and administered to prevent the
duplication of benefits provided under this Plan and any other qualified or
nonqualified plan maintained in whole or in part by the Company, Wells Fargo   Company
or any Affiliate.

(e) 
       
      If a provision of the Plan shall be held to be illegal or invalid (in whole or
in part), or if legislative, Internal Revenue Service, Department of Labor, court or
other action could in the opinion of the Plan Administrator cause a provision to be
interpreted so as to cause Participants in the Plan to be in constructive receipt of
amounts in their Accounts for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the illegality or
invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Plan and the Plan shall be
construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included.

Section 13.5  Choice of Law . This instrument has been executed and delivered in the State of
Delaware and has been drawn in conformity to the laws of that State and shall, except to the extent
that federal law is controlling, be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State
of Delaware (other than its laws regarding choice of law).

Section 13.6  No Employment Contract . This Plan is not and shall not be deemed to constitute a
contract of employment between the Company, Wells Fargo   Company, a Participating Company, an
Affiliate and any person, nor shall anything herein contained be deemed to give any person any
right to be an employee of the Company, Wells Fargo   Company, any Participating Company or
Affiliate or in any way limit or restrict the Company s or Participating Company s right or power
to terminate any agreement with any person at any time and to treat any person without regard to
the effect which such treatment might have upon him or her as a Participant in this Plan. Neither
the terms of the Plan document nor the benefits under this Plan nor the continuance of the Plan
shall affect the status of a Participant as an independent contractor. The Company shall not be
obliged to continue this Plan.

Section 13.7  Plan Obligation Guarantee . Pursuant to and consistent with  Berry v. United
States , 593 F. Supp. 80 (M.D.N.C. 1984),  aff d  760 F. 2d 85 (4th Cir. 1985), and the determinations
made by the Internal Revenue Service in  Private Letter Ruling 8741078  and

- 23 - 

Private Letter Ruling 8509023 , Wells Fargo   Company shall, under a separate agreement which
shall be incorporated herein by reference, unconditionally guarantee the obligations of the Company
with respect to the amounts payable under the Plan to the respective Participants and their
Beneficiaries in the event that the Company is unable to fulfill its promises and satisfy its
deferred compensation obligations pursuant to the Plan. This guarantee by Wells Fargo   Company
constitutes a mere promise to pay the amounts payable under the Plan and a general unsecured
obligation of Wells Fargo   Company with respect to the obligations of the Company under the Plan,
not represented by notes or secured in any way. Wells Fargo   Company will not, and shall have no
obligation to, set aside or earmark any assets or funds or establish or maintain any fund, escrow,
trust fund or account (other than a bookkeeping account or reserve) for purposes of the payment of
any amounts payable under the Plan. The obligation of Wells Fargo   Company to pay any benefits
payable under the Plan constitutes only the unsecured promise of Wells Fargo   Company to pay such
amounts, and the rights of any Participants or their Beneficiaries to receive any amounts payable
under the Plan pursuant to the provisions of this guarantee shall be no greater than the rights of
general unsecured creditors of Wells Fargo   Company. No Participant in the Plan or any
Beneficiary shall have any lien, prior claim or other security interest in any assets, funds or
property of Wells Fargo   Company.

- 24 - 

APPENDIX A 

MERGER OF H.D. VEST, INC. REPRESENTATIVES  DEFERRED 
COMPENSATION PLAN 

Section 1.1. The provisions of this Appendix A apply with respect to benefits payable
under the  H.D. Vest, Inc. Representatives  Deferred Compensation Plan  (the  H.D. Vest Plan ) as
of December 31, 2001.

Section 1.2. Effective January 1, 2002, the H.D. Vest Plan shall be consolidated with and
merged into this Plan and the H.D. Vest Plan shall no longer separately exist for any purpose. All
accounts under the H.D. Vest Plan shall be credited to Transfer Accounts established under this
Plan for each H.D. Vest Plan participant in a manner consistent with the requirements of section
414(l) of the Code and section 1.414(l)-1(o) of the Treasury Regulations regarding a transfer of
assets and liabilities, but without regard to any actual transfer of assets. The amount credited
to each Transfer Account as an opening January 1, 2002, balance shall be determined pursuant to the
rules contained in this Appendix A. Each H. D. Vest Plan participant who has a Transfer Account
under this Plan shall be considered a Participant in this Plan only with respect to the Transfer
Account unless the individual satisfies the definition of Participant in Section 2.1 of the Plan
and the individual elects to have the Transfer Account become subject to all of the terms of this
Plan as provided in Section 1.4 of this Appendix A.

Section 1.3. Each participant in the H.D. Vest Plan shall be provided with the opportunity to
elect to have the Transfer Account become subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Plan
as provided in Section 1.4 below. The result of such an election will be that the participant s
Transfer Account will be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Plan and will no longer
be subject to the terms and conditions of the H.D. Vest Plan. If a participant in the H.D. Vest
Plan does not elect to have the Transfer Account become subject to the terms and conditions of this
Plan, the Transfer Account shall remain subject to the same terms as those contained in the former
H.D. Vest Plan (incorporated herein by reference) except as those terms are modified in Section 1.5
below.

Section 1.4. If a participant in the H.D. Vest Plan elects to have the Transfer Account become
subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Plan and such election is accepted and approved
by the Company, the following rules apply to the Transfer Account:

(a) 
       
      A lump sum present value shall be calculated for the participant s benefit
under the H.D. Vest Plan benefit as of December 31, 2001, and that amount shall be
credited to the participant s Transfer Account under this Plan and shown as the opening
balance of the Transfer Account on January 1, 2002. The following rules shall apply in
determining the December 31, 2001, lump sum present value of each participant s H.D.
Vest Plan benefit:

(i) 
       
      the present value of the benefit payable under the H.D. Vest
Plan shall be determined as a lump sum amount as of December 31, 2001, and

- 25 - 

(ii) 
       
      the present value of the benefit shall be calculated by
determining the projected benefit of the participant as of the expiration of
the deferral periods elected by the participant under the H.D. Vest Plan and in
effect as of December 31, 2001, assuming continued service as an independent
contractor for the remaining portion of the deferral periods elected,
discounted for the difference between the elective deferral amounts credited to
the participant s account under the H.D. Vest Plan and the projected benefit
for the deferral periods elected, using the following actuarial factors:

(A) 
       
      the annual rate of interest on 30-year U.S.
Treasury securities, and the mortality table determined from the table
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury under section
417(e)(3)(A)(ii)(I) of the Code based upon the prevailing standard
table used to determine reserves for group annuity contracts; and

(B) 
       
      the rate at which service as an independent
contractor for the remaining portion of the deferral periods elected
may continue.

(b) 
       
      A Participant subject to this Section 1.4 shall complete a distribution
election form pursuant to Article VIII of this Plan as in effect at the time of that
election. Effective January 1, 2002, all distributions from the Participant s Transfer
Account shall be made in accordance with Article VIII. For purposes of applying
Article VIII to a Transfer Account subject to this Section 1.4 after the restatement of
this Plan that became effective January 1, 2008, the Transfer Account shall be subject
to Article VIII as if it was a Deferral Account and the election made pursuant to this
Section 1.4(b) was made in the Deferral Election for that Deferral Account.

(c) 
       
      A Participant subject to this Section 1.4 shall complete an investment request
form for the Transfer Account subject to the provisions of Article VI of this Plan.
The provisions of Article VI shall apply to the Transfer Account effective January 1,
2002. If the Participant elects to have all or a portion of his or her Transfer
Account measured by the value of the Common Stock, the Company shall credit the
Participant s Transfer Account with an additional amount equal to 10% of the amount of
the Transfer Account that the Participant elected to be measured by the value of the
Common Stock. Such additional amount shall be measured by the value of the Common
Stock pursuant to the provisions of Article VI of this Plan. No Participant shall be
entitled to allocate or reallocate any such additional amounts (including any
adjustments to such amounts under Section 6.2(c) of the Plan) to an investment option
other than one based on the value of Company Stock unless the Company determines that
such an investment option will no longer be available.

- 26 - 

(d) 
       
      The Participant s Transfer Account shall be one hundred percent (100%) Vested
at all times.

Section 1.5. If a participant in the H.D. Vest Plan does not elect to have the Transfer
Account become subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Plan, the following rules apply
to the Transfer Account:

(a) 
       
      The Transfer Account payable to or on behalf of such Participant shall be
determined as of any date determined by the Company by calculating the benefit payable
to the Participant based on the amounts credited to the participant s H.D. Vest Plan
accounts as of December 31, 2001, and the elections made by the participant under the
H.D. Vest Plan prior to December 31, 2001.

(b) 
       
      Subject to paragraph (c) of this Section 1.5, the Transfer Account so
established for such Participant shall be credited at the end of the deferral periods
originally selected under the H.D. Vest Plan with an additional amount determined as
follows:

Amount Credited by Company  
 As a Percentage of the Deferral Amount 

(c) 
       
      Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, if, however, a
Participant for whom a Transfer Account is established pursuant to this Section 1.5
ceases to provide any investment or other services to or with respect to a
Participating Company before the expiration of the deferral period elected by the
Participant under the H.D. Vest Plan, attainment of age 65, death or Disability, no
additional amounts shall be credited to the Participant s Transfer Account under
Section 1.5(b) of this Appendix A.

(d) 
       
      The amount credited to the Transfer Account under this Section 1.5 shall be
distributed to or on behalf of the Participant in cash on a bi-monthly basis over the
period of thirty-six (36), sixty (60), eighty-four (84), or one hundred twenty (120)
consecutive months following the end of the deferral period as originally selected by
the Participant with respect to amounts deferred under the H.D. Vest Plan.
Notwithstanding anything in the H.D. Vest Plan to the contrary, if a Participant dies
or becomes disabled before all of his or her Transfer Account has been distributed, the
amount remaining shall be distributed at the same times and in the

- 27 - 

same manner as it would have been distributed to the Participant if the
Participant s death or disability had not occurred.

Section 1.6. The Transfer Accounts established under this Appendix A shall be separate
bookkeeping accounts representing an unfunded and unsecured promise of performance under the Plan.

Section 1.7 For purposes of this Appendix A, the term  Disability  means a medically
determinable physical or mental impairment which: (i) renders the individual totally and
permanently disabled and incapable of performing any substantial services for a Participating
Company, (ii) can be expected to be of long-continued and indefinite duration or result in death,
and (iii) is evidenced by a certification to this effect by a doctor of medicine approved by the
Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant who is determined to be eligible for Social
Security disability benefits will be deemed to have a Disability for purposes of this Plan. The
Company shall determine the date on which the Disability shall have occurred if such determination
is necessary.

- 28 - 

</EX-10.(X)>

<EX-10.(Y)>
 6
 f38267exv10wxyy.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.(Y)

exv10wxyy 

Exhibit 10(y) 

Description of Chairman/CEO Retirement Policy 

For 3 years following the date of retirement, a retiring management Chairman of the Board or CEO of
Wells Fargo   Company may be provided with office space, an administrative assistant, and part-time
driver at the Company s expense. These services will be provided with the agreement of the Board of
Directors or the Human Resources Committee of the Board and the retiree on the condition that the
retiree continues to be available for consultation with management and to represent Wells Fargo
with customers, the community, and team members during this period. At the end of the 3 years, if
the retiree is still considered to be effective and is spending a reasonable amount of time
representing Wells Fargo with customers, the community, and team members, then, with the
recommendation of the Company s current CEO and approval by the Human Resources Committee, these
services may be extended for a maximum of an additional two years.

</EX-10.(Y)>

<EX-12.(A)>
 7
 f38267exv12wxay.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.(A)

exv12wxay 

EXHIBIT 12(a) 
WELLS FARGO   COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
COMPUTATION OF RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 

(1) 
       
     As defined in Item 503(d) of Regulation S-K. 

(2) 
       
     These computations are included herein in compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission
regulations. However, management believes that fixed charge ratios are not meaningful
measures for the business of the Company because of two factors. First, even if there were no
change in net income, the ratios would decline with an increase in the proportion of income
which is tax-exempt or, conversely, they would increase with a decrease in the proportion of
income which is tax-exempt. Second, even if there were no change in net income, the ratios
would decline if interest income and interest expense increase by the same amount due to an
increase in the level of interest rates or, conversely, they would increase if interest income
and interest expense decrease by the same amount due to a decrease in the level of interest
rates. 

</EX-12.(A)>

<EX-12.(B)>
 8
 f38267exv12wxby.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.(B)

exv12wxby 

EXHIBIT 12(b) 
WELLS FARGO   COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
COMPUTATION OF RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 
AND PREFERRED DIVIDENDS 

(1) 
       
     As defined in Item 503(d) of Regulation S-K. 

(2) 
       
     The preferred dividends were increased to amounts representing the pretax earnings that would
be required to cover such dividend requirements. 

(3) 
       
     These computations are included herein in compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission
regulations. However, management believes that fixed charge ratios are not meaningful measures
for the business of the Company because of two factors. First, even if there was no change in
net income, the ratios would decline with an increase in the proportion of income which is
tax-exempt or, conversely, they would increase with a decrease in the proportion of income
which is tax-exempt. Second, even if there was no change in net income, the ratios would
decline if interest income and interest expense increase by the same amount due to an increase
in the level of interest rates or, conversely, they would increase if interest income and
interest expense decrease by the same amount due to a decrease in the level of interest rates. 

</EX-12.(B)>

<EX-13>
 9
 f38267exv13.htm
 EXHIBIT 13

exv13 

Exhibit 13 

Financial Review 

34 

Overview 

39 

Critical Accounting Policies 

43 

Earnings Performance 

49 

Balance Sheet Analysis 

51 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
and Aggregate Contractual
Obligations 

53 

Risk Management 

65 

Capital Management 

65 

Comparison of 2006 with 2005 

66 

Risk Factors 

Controls and Procedures  

72 

Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

72 

Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

72 

Management s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

73 

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

Financial Statements  

74 

Consolidated Statement of Income 

75 

Consolidated Balance Sheet 

76 

Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Stockholders  Equity
and Comprehensive Income 

77 

Consolidated Statement of
Cash Flows 

Notes to Financial Statements 

78  

1 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

84  

2 

Business Combinations  

33 

This Annual Report, including the Financial Review and the Financial Statements and related Notes,
has forward-looking statements, which may include forecasts of our financial results and condition,
expectations for our operations and business, and our assumptions for those forecasts and
expectations. Do not unduly rely on forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ
significantly from our forecasts and expectations due to several factors. Please refer to the  Risk
Factors  section of this Report for a discussion of some of the factors that may cause results to
differ. 

Financial Review

Overview

Wells Fargo   Company is a $575 billion diversified financial services company providing
banking, insurance, investments, mortgage banking and consumer finance through banking stores, the
internet and other distribution channels to consumers, businesses and institutions in all 50 states
of the U.S. and in other countries. We ranked fifth in assets and fourth in market value of our
common stock among U.S. bank holding companies at December 31, 2007. When we refer to  the
Company,   we,   our  or  us  in this Report, we mean Wells Fargo   Company and Subsidiaries
(consolidated). When we refer to  the Parent,  we mean Wells Fargo   Company. 

The financial services industry faced unprecedented challenges in 2007. Home values declined
abruptly and sharply, adversely impacting the consumer lending business of many financial service
providers; credit spreads widened as the capital markets repriced in many asset classes; price
volatility increased and market liquidity decreased in several sectors of the capital markets; and,
late in the year, economic growth declined sharply.

We were not immune to these unprecedented external factors. Our
provision for credit losses was $2.7
billion higher in 2007 than in 2006, reflecting $1.3 billion in additional provisions for actual
charge-offs that occurred in 2007 and a special $1.4 billion provision to further build reserves
for loan losses.

While the $2.7 billion in additional provisions reduced consolidated net income after tax by 18%,
consolidated full-year earnings per share declined only 4% to $2.38 per share, a strong overall
result given the external environment and higher credit costs.

Our results were as strong as they
were because we largely avoided or had negligible exposure to many of the problem areas that
resulted in significant costs and write-downs at other large financial institutions and because we
continued to build our diversified franchise throughout 2007, once again achieving growth rates,
operating margins, and returns at or near the top of the financial services industry, while at the
same time maintaining strong capital levels and strong liquidity.

Our vision is to satisfy all our customers  financial needs, help them succeed financially, be
recognized as the premier financial services company in our markets and be one of America s great
companies. Our primary strategy to achieve this vision is to increase the number of products our
customers buy from us and to give them all of the financial products that fulfill their needs. Our
cross-sell strategy and diversified business model facilitate growth in strong and

weak economic
cycles, as we can grow by expanding the number of products our current customers have with us.
Despite the aforementioned challenges, we continued to earn more of our customers  business in 2007
in both our retail and commercial banking businesses. Our cross-sell set records for the ninth
consecutive year our average retail banking household now has 5.5 products, almost one in five
have more than eight, 6.1 for Wholesale Banking customers, and our average middle-market commercial
banking customer has almost eight products. Business banking cross-sell reached 3.5 products. Our
goal in each customer segment is eight products per customer, which is currently half of our
estimate of potential demand. 

Revenue, the sum of net interest income and noninterest income, grew 10.4% to a record $39.4
billion in 2007 from $35.7 billion in 2006. The breadth and depth of our business model resulted in
very strong and balanced growth in loans, deposits and fee-based products. Many of our businesses
continued to post double-digit, year-over-year revenue growth, including business direct, wealth
management, credit and debit card, global remittance services, personal credit management, home
mortgage, asset-based lending, asset management, specialized financial services and international.

Among the many products and services that grew in 2007, we achieved the following results:

Average loans grew by 12%;  

Average core deposits grew by 13%;  

Assets under management were up 14%;  

Mortgage servicing fees were up 14%;  

Insurance premiums were up 14%; and  

Total noninterest income rose 17%, reflecting the breadth of our cross-sell efforts.  

We continue to maintain leading market positions in deposits in many communities within our banking
footprint and to be #1 in many categories of financial services nationally, including small
business lending, retail mortgage originations, agricultural lending, internet banking, insurance
brokerage among banks, and provider of financial services to middle-market companies in the western
U.S.

We have stated in the past that to consistently grow over the long term, successful companies
must invest in their core businesses and maintain strong balance sheets. We continued to make
investments in 2007 by opening 87 regional banking stores and converting 42 stores acquired from
Placer Sierra Bancshares and National City Bank to our network. We grew our sales and service force
by adding 1,755 team members (full-time equivalents) in 2007, including 578 retail

34 

platform bankers. In fourth quarter 2007, we completed the acquisition of Greater Bay Bancorp, with
$7.4 billion in assets, the third largest bank acquisition in our history, adding to our community
banking, commercial insurance brokerage, specialty finance and trust businesses. We also recently
agreed to acquire the banking operations of United Bancorporation of Wyoming, which will make us
the largest bank in our nation s ninth fastest growing state. 

We believe it is important to maintain a well-controlled environment as we continue to grow our
businesses. We manage our credit risk by setting what we believe are sound credit policies for
underwriting new business, while monitoring and reviewing the performance of our loan portfolio. We
manage the interest rate and market risks inherent in our asset and liability balances within
prudent ranges, while ensuring adequate liquidity and funding. We maintain strong capital levels to
provide for future growth. Our stockholder value has increased over time due to customer
satisfaction, strong financial results, investment in our businesses, consistent execution of our
business model and management of our business risks.

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. continued to be rated as  Aaa,  the highest possible credit rating issued by
Moody s Investors Service (Moody s), and was upgraded in February 2007 to  AAA,  the highest
possible credit rating issued by Standard   Poor s Ratings Services (S P). Of the more than 1,100
financial institutions and 70 national banking systems covered by S P globally, this upgrade makes
our bank one of only two banks worldwide to have S P s  AAA  credit rating. Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
is now the only U.S. bank to have the highest possible credit rating from both Moody s and S P.

Our financial results included the following:

Net income in 2007 was $8.06 billion ($2.38 per share), compared with $8.42 billion ($2.47 per
share) in 2006. Results for 2007 included the impact of the previously announced $1.4 billion (pre
tax) credit reserve build ($0.27 per share) and $203 million of Visa litigation expenses ($0.04 per
share), and for 2006 included $95 million ($0.02 per share) of Visa litigation expenses. Despite
the challenging environment in 2007, we had a solid year and achieved both double-digit top line
revenue growth and positive operating leverage (revenue growth of 10.4% exceeding expense growth of
9.5%). Return on average total assets (ROA) was 1.55% and return on average stockholders  equity
(ROE) was 17.12% in 2007, compared with 1.73% and 19.52%, respectively, in 2006. Both ROA and ROE
were, once again, at or near the top of our large bank peers.

Net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis was $21.1 billion in 2007, up from $20.1 billion
a year ago, reflecting strong loan growth. Average earning assets grew 7% from 2006. Our net
interest margin was 4.74% for 2007, compared with 4.83% in 2006, primarily due to earning assets
increasing at a slightly faster rate than core deposits.

Noninterest income increased 17% to $18.4
billion in 2007 from $15.7 billion in 2006. The increase was across our businesses, with
double-digit increases in debit and credit card fees (up 22%), deposit service charges (up 13%),
trust

and investment fees (up 15%), and insurance revenue (up 14%). Capital markets and equity
investment results were also strong. Mortgage banking noninterest income increased $822 million
(36%) from 2006 because net servicing fee income increased due to growth in loans serviced for
others. 

During 2007, noninterest income was affected by changes in interest
rates, widening credit spreads, and other credit and housing market conditions, including:

$(803) million
  $479 million write-down of the mortgage warehouse/pipeline, and $324
million write-down, primarily due to mortgage loans repurchased and an increase in the repurchase
reserve for projected early payment defaults.  

$583 million
  Increase in mortgage servicing income reflecting a $571 million reduction in the
value of mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) due to the decline in mortgage rates during the year,
offset by a $1.15 billion gain on the financial instruments hedging the MSRs. The ratio of MSRs to
related loans serviced for others at December 31, 2007, was 1.20%, the lowest ratio in 10 quarters.  

Noninterest expense was $22.8 billion in 2007, up 9.5% from $20.8 billion in 2006, primarily due to
continued investments in new stores and additional sales and service-related team members. Despite
these investments and the acquisition of Greater Bay Bancorp and related integration expense, our
efficiency ratio improved to 57.9% in 2007 from 58.4% in 2006. We obtained concurrence from the
staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding our accounting for certain
transactions related to the restructuring of Visa Inc., and recorded a litigation liability and
corresponding expense, included in operating losses, of $203 million for 2007 and $95 million for
2006.

During 2007, net charge-offs were $3.54 billion (1.03% of average total loans), up $1.3 billion
from $2.25 billion (0.73%) during 2006. Commercial and commercial real estate net charge-offs
increased $239 million in 2007 from 2006, of which $162 million was from loans originated through
our business direct channel. Business direct consists primarily of unsecured lines of credit to
small firms and sole proprietors that tend to perform in a manner similar to credit cards. Total
wholesale net charge-offs (excluding business direct) were $103 million (0.08% of average loans).
The remaining balance of commercial and commercial real estate (other real estate mortgage, real
estate construction and lease financing) continued to have low net charge-off rates in 2007.

National Home Equity Group (Home Equity) portfolio net charge-offs totaled $595 million (0.73% of
average loans) in 2007, compared with $110 million (0.14%) in 2006. Because the majority of the
Home Equity net charge-offs were concentrated in the indirect or
third party origination channels,
which have a higher percentage of 90% or greater combined loan-to-value portfolios, we have
discontinued third party activities not behind a Wells Fargo first mortgage and segregated these
indirect loans into a liquidating portfolio. As previously disclosed, while the $11.9 billion of
loans in this liquidating portfolio represented about 3% of total loans outstanding at December 31,
2007, these loans represent

35 

the highest risk in our $84.2 billion Home Equity portfolio. The loans in the liquidating portfolio
were primarily sourced through wholesale (brokers) and correspondents. Additionally, they are
largely concentrated in geographic markets that have experienced the most abrupt and steepest
declines in housing prices. We will continue to provide home equity financing directly to our
customers, but have stopped originating or acquiring new home equity loans through indirect
channels unless they are behind a Wells Fargo first mortgage and have a combined loan-to-value
ratio lower than 90%. We also experienced increased net charge-offs in our unsecured consumer
portfolios, such as credit cards and lines of credit, in part due to growth and in part due to
increased economic stress in households. 

Full year 2007 auto portfolio net charge-offs were $1.02 billion (3.45% of average loans), compared
with $857 million (3.15%) in 2006. These results were consistent with our expectations and
reflected planned lower growth in originations and an improvement in collection activities within
this business.

The provision for credit losses was $4.94 billion in 2007, an increase of $2.74 billion from $2.20
billion in 2006, due to higher net charge-offs and the 2007 credit reserve build of $1.4 billion,
primarily for higher net loss content that we estimated in the Home Equity portfolio. Given the
weakness in housing and the overall state of the U.S. economy, it is likely that net charge-offs
will be higher in 2008. The allowance for credit losses, which consists of the allowance for loan
losses and the reserve for unfunded credit commitments, was $5.52 billion (1.44% of total loans) at
December 31, 2007, compared with $3.96 billion (1.24%) at December 31, 2006.

At December 31, 2007, total nonaccrual loans were $2.68 billion (0.70% of total loans) up from
$1.67 billion (0.52%) at December 31, 2006. The majority of the increase in nonaccrual loans was
concentrated in the first mortgage portfolio ($209 million in Wells Fargo Home Mortgage and $343
million in Wells Fargo Financial) and was due to the national rise in mortgage default rates. We
believe there is minimal additional loss content in these loans since they are

(1) 
       
     Results for 2006 have been revised to reflect $95 million of litigation expenses associated
with indemnification obligations arising from the Company s ownership interest in Visa. 

(2) 
       
     Change in accounting principle is for a transitional goodwill impairment charge recorded in
2002 upon adoption of FAS 142,  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets . 

(3) 
       
     Core deposits are noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing checking, savings
certificates, market rate and other savings, and certain foreign deposits (Eurodollar sweep
balances). 

(4) 
       
     At December 31, 2003, upon adoption of FIN 46 (revised December 2003),  Consolidation of
Variable Interest Entities  (FIN 46(R)), these balances were reflected in long-term debt. See
Note 14 (Long-Term Debt) to Financial Statements for more information. 

36 

adjusted to market value when transferred to nonperforming asset (NPA) status. Total NPAs were
$3.87 billion (1.01% of total loans) at December 31, 2007, compared with $2.42 billion (0.76%) at
December 31, 2006. Due to illiquid market conditions, we are now holding more foreclosed properties
than we have historically. Foreclosed assets were $1.18 billion at December 31, 2007, compared with
$745 million at December 31, 2006. Foreclosed assets, a component of total NPAs, included $649
million and $423 million in residential property or auto loans and $535 million and $322 million of
foreclosed real estate securing Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA) loans at December
31, 2007 and 2006, respectively, consistent with regulatory reporting requirements. The foreclosed
real estate securing GNMA loans of $535 million represented 14 basis points of the ratio of NPAs to
loans at December 31, 2007. Both principal and interest for the GNMA loans secured by the
foreclosed real estate are collectible because the GNMA loans are insured by the Federal Housing
Administration (FHA) or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 

(1) 
       
     The efficiency ratio is noninterest
expense divided by total revenue (net interest
income and noninterest income). 

(2) 
       
     See Note 26 (Regulatory and Agency Capital
Requirements) to Financial Statements for
additional information. 

(3) 
       
     Dividends declared per common share as a
percentage of earnings per common share. 

(4) 
       
     Based on daily prices reported on the New York
Stock Exchange Composite Transaction Reporting
System. 

The Company and each of its subsidiary banks remained  well capitalized  under applicable
regulatory capital adequacy guidelines. The ratio of stockholders  equity to total assets was 8.28%
at December 31, 2007, compared with 9.51% at December 31, 2006. Our total risk-based capital (RBC)
ratio at December 31, 2007, was 10.68% and our Tier 1 RBC ratio was 7.59%, exceeding the minimum

regulatory guidelines of 8% and 4%, respectively, for bank holding companies. Our RBC ratios at
December 31, 2006, were 12.49% and 8.93%, respectively. Our Tier 1 leverage ratios were 6.83% and
7.88% at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively, exceeding the minimum regulatory guideline of 3%
for bank holding companies. 

Current Accounting Developments 

On January 1, 2007, we adopted the following new accounting pronouncements: 

FIN 48   Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Interpretation No. 48,  Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes, an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 ;  

FSP 13-2   FASB Staff Position 13-2,  Accounting for a Change or Projected Change in the Timing
of Cash Flows Relating to Income Taxes Generated by a Leveraged Lease Transaction ;  

FAS 155   Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 155,  Accounting for Certain Hybrid
Financial Instruments, an amendment of FASB Statements No. 133 and 140 ;  

FAS 157    Fair Value Measurements ; and  

FAS 159    The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities, including an
amendment of FASB Statement No. 115 .  

The adoption of FIN 48, FAS 155, FAS 157 and FAS 159 did not have any effect on our financial
statements at the date of adoption. For additional information, see Note 17 (Fair Values of Assets
and Liabilities) and Note 21 (Income Taxes) to Financial Statements.

Upon adoption of FSP 13-2, we recorded a cumulative effect of change in accounting principle to
reduce the beginning balance of 2007 retained earnings by $71 million after tax ($115 million pre
tax). This amount will be recognized back into income over the remaining terms of the affected
leases.

On July 1, 2007, we adopted Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) Topic D-109,  Determining the Nature
of a Host Contract Related to a Hybrid Financial Instrument Issued in the Form of a Share under
FASB Statement No. 133  (Topic D-109), which provides clarifying guidance as to whether certain
hybrid financial instruments are more akin to debt or equity, for purposes of evaluating whether
the embedded derivative financial instrument requires separate accounting under FAS 133,  Accounting
for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities . In accordance with the transition provisions of
Topic D-109, we transferred $1.2 billion of securities, consisting of investments in preferred
stock callable by the issuer, from trading assets to securities available for sale. Because the
securities were carried at fair value, the adoption of Topic D-109 did not have any effect on our
total stockholders  equity.

On April 30, 2007, the FASB issued Staff Position FIN 39-1,  Amendment of FASB Interpretation No. 39 
(FSP FIN 39-1). FSP FIN 39-1 amends Interpretation No. 39 to permit a reporting entity to offset
the right to reclaim cash collateral (a receivable), or the obligation to return cash collateral

37 

(a payable), against derivative instruments executed with the same counterparty under the same
master netting arrangement. The provisions of this FSP are effective for the year beginning on
January 1, 2008, with early adoption permitted. We adopted FSP FIN 39-1 on January 1, 2008, and it
did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

On September 20, 2006, the FASB ratified the consensus reached by the EITF at its September 7,
2006, meeting with respect to Issue No. 06-4,  Accounting for Deferred Compensation and
Postretirement Benefit Aspects of Endorsement Split-Dollar Life Insurance Arrangements  (EITF 06-4).
On March 28, 2007, the FASB ratified the consensus reached by the EITF at its March 15, 2007,
meeting with respect to Issue No. 06-10,  Accounting for Collateral Assignment Split-Dollar Life
Insurance Arrangements  (EITF 06-10). These pronouncements require that for endorsement split-dollar
life insurance arrangements and collateral split-dollar life insurance arrangements where the
employee is
provided benefits in postretirement periods, the employer should recognize the cost of providing
that insurance over the employee s service period by accruing a liability for the benefit
obligation. Additionally, for collateral assignment split-dollar life insurance arrangements, EITF
06-10 requires an employer to recognize and measure an asset based upon the nature and substance of
the agreement. EITF 06-4 and EITF 06-10 are effective for the year
beginning on January 1, 2008, with
early adoption permitted. We adopted EITF 06-4 and EITF 06-10 on January 1, 2008, and reduced
beginning retained earnings for 2008 by $20 million (after tax), primarily related to split-dollar
life insurance arrangements from the acquisition of Greater Bay Bancorp.

On November 5, 2007, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 109,  Written Loan Commitments Recorded at Fair Value Through Earnings  (SAB 109). SAB 109
provides the staff s views on the accounting for written loan commitments recorded at fair value
under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). To make the staff s views consistent with
current authoritative accounting guidance, SAB 109 revises and rescinds portions of SAB 105,
 Application of Accounting Principles to Loan Commitments . Specifically, SAB 109 states the expected
net future cash flows associated with the servicing of a loan should be included in the measurement
of all written

loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through earnings. The
provisions of SAB 109, which we adopted on January 1, 2008, are applicable to written loan
commitments recorded at fair value that are entered into beginning on or after January 1, 2008. 

On December 4, 2007, the FASB issued FAS 141R,  Business Combinations . This statement requires an
acquirer to recognize the assets acquired (including loan receivables), the liabilities assumed,
and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at the acquisition date, to be measured at their
fair values as of that date, with limited exceptions. The acquirer is not permitted to recognize a
separate valuation allowance as of the acquisition date for loans and other assets acquired in a
business combination. The revised statement requires acquisition-related costs to be expensed
separately from the acquisition. It also requires restructuring costs that the acquirer expected
but was not obligated to incur, to be expensed separately from the business combination. FAS 141R
should be applied prospectively to business combinations beginning with the first annual reporting
period beginning on or after December 15, 2008. Early adoption is prohibited. We are currently
evaluating the impact that FAS 141R may have on our consolidated financial statements.

On December 4, 2007, the FASB issued FAS 160,  Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial
Statements, an amendment of ARB No. 51 . FAS 160 specifies that noncontrolling interests in a
subsidiary are to be treated as a separate component of equity and, as such, increases and
decreases in the parent s ownership interest that leave control intact are accounted for as capital
transactions. It changes the way the consolidated income statement is presented by requiring that
an entity s consolidated net income include the amounts attributable to both the parent and the
noncontrolling interest. FAS 160 requires that a parent recognize a gain or loss in net income when
a subsidiary is deconsolidated. This statement should be applied prospectively to all
noncontrolling interests, including any that arose before the effective date. The statement is
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning on or after
December 15, 2008. Early adoption is prohibited. We are currently evaluating the impact that FAS
160 may have on our consolidated financial statements.

38 

Critical Accounting Policies

Our significant accounting policies (see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to
Financial Statements) are fundamental to understanding our results of operations and financial
condition, because some accounting policies require that we use estimates and assumptions that may
affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. Five of these policies are
critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about
matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts
would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. These policies govern
the allowance for credit losses, the valuation of residential mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) and
financial instruments, pension accounting and income taxes. Management has reviewed and approved
these critical accounting policies and has discussed these policies with the Audit and Examination
Committee. 

Allowance for Credit Losses 

The allowance for credit losses, which consists of the allowance for loan losses and the
reserve for unfunded credit commitments, is management s estimate of credit losses inherent in the
loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. We have an established process, using several analytical
tools and benchmarks, to calculate a range of possible outcomes and determine the adequacy of the
allowance. No single statistic or measurement determines the adequacy of the allowance. Loan
recoveries and the provision for credit losses increase the allowance, while loan charge-offs
decrease the allowance. 

PROCESS TO DETERMINE THE ADEQUACY OF THE ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 

While we attribute portions of the allowance to specific loan categories as part of our
analytical process, the entire allowance is used to absorb credit losses inherent in the total loan
portfolio. 

A significant portion of the allowance is
estimated at a pooled level for consumer loans and some segments of commercial small business
loans. We use forecasting models to measure the losses inherent in these portfolios. We
validate and update these models periodically to capture recent behavioral
characteristics of the portfolios, such as updated credit bureau information, actual changes in
underlying economic or market conditions and changes in our loss mitigation strategies.

The remaining portion of the allowance is for commercial loans, commercial real estate loans and
lease financing. We initially estimate this portion of the allowance by applying historical loss
factors statistically derived from tracking losses associated with actual portfolio movements over
a specified period of time, using a standardized loan grading process. Based on this process, we
assign loss factors to each pool of graded loans and a loan equivalent amount for unfunded loan
commitments and letters of credit. These estimates are then adjusted or supplemented where
necessary from additional

analysis of long-term average loss experience, external loss data or
other risks identified from current conditions and trends in selected portfolios, including
management s judgment for imprecision and uncertainty. We assess and account for as impaired
certain nonaccrual commercial and commercial real estate loans that are over $3 million and certain
consumer, commercial and commercial real estate loans whose terms have been modified in a troubled
debt restructuring. We include the impairment on these nonperforming loans in the allowance unless
it has already been recognized as a loss. 

Reflected in the two portions of the allowance previously described is an amount for imprecision or
uncertainty that incorporates the range of probable outcomes inherent in estimates used for the
allowance, which may change from period to period. This amount is the result of our judgment of
risks inherent in the portfolios, economic uncertainties, historical loss experience and other
subjective factors, including industry trends, calculated to better reflect our view of risk in
each loan portfolio.

The total allowance reflects management s estimate of credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio
at the balance sheet date. To estimate the possible range of allowance required at December 31,
2007, and the related change in provision expense, we assumed the following scenarios of a
reasonably possible deterioration or improvement in loan credit quality.

Assumptions for deterioration in loan credit quality were:

for consumer loans, a 23 basis point increase in estimated loss rates from actual 2007 loss
levels, moving closer to longer term average loss rates or more prolonged stress case for home
equity loans; and  

for wholesale loans, a 24 basis point increase in estimated loss rates, moving closer to
historical averages.  

Assumptions for improvement in loan credit quality were:

for consumer loans, an 18 basis point decrease in estimated loss rates from actual 2007 loss
levels, adjusting for the elevated home equity losses and an improving real estate market for
consumers; and  

for wholesale loans, nominal change from the 2007 net credit loss performance.  

Under the assumptions for deterioration in loan credit quality, another $804 million in expected
losses could occur and under the assumptions for improvement, a $416 million reduction in expected
losses could occur.

Changes in the estimate of the allowance for credit losses and the related provision expense can
materially affect net income. The example above is only one of a number of reasonably possible
scenarios. Determining the allowance for credit losses requires us to make forecasts of losses that
are highly uncertain and require a high degree of judgment. Given that the majority of our loan
portfolio is consumer loans, for which losses tend to emerge within a relatively short, predictable
timeframe, and that a significant portion of the allowance for credit losses relates to estimated
credit

39 

losses associated with consumer loans, management believes that the provision for credit losses for
consumer loans, absent any significant credit event, severe decrease in collateral values,
significant acceleration of losses or significant change in payment behavior, will closely track
the level of related net charge-offs. From time to time, events or economic factors may impact the
loan portfolio, causing management to provide additional amounts or release balances from the
allowance for credit losses. The increase in the allowance for credit losses in excess of net
charge-offs in 2007 was primarily due to higher losses in the Home Equity portfolio stemming from
the steeper than anticipated decline in national home prices. See Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for
Credit Losses) to Financial Statements and  Risk Management   Credit Risk Management Process  for
further discussion of our allowance for credit losses.

Valuation of Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights 

We recognize as assets the rights to service mortgage loans for others, or mortgage servicing
rights (MSRs), whether we purchase the servicing rights, or the servicing rights result from the
sale or securitization of loans we originate (asset transfers). We also acquire MSRs under
co-issuer agreements that provide for us to service loans that are originated and securitized by
third-party correspondents. Effective January 1, 2006, under FAS 156,  Accounting for Servicing of
Financial Assets   an amendment of FASB Statement No. 140 , we elected to initially measure and
carry our MSRs related to residential mortgage loans (residential MSRs) using the fair value
measurement method. Under this method, purchased MSRs and MSRs from asset transfers are capitalized
and carried at fair value. Prior to the adoption of FAS 156, we capitalized purchased residential
MSRs at cost, and MSRs from asset transfers based on the relative fair value of the servicing right
and the residential mortgage loan at the time of sale, and carried both purchased MSRs and MSRs
from asset transfers at the lower of cost or market value. Effective January 1, 2006, upon the
remeasurement of our
residential MSRs at fair value, we recorded a cumulative effect adjustment to increase the 2006
beginning balance of retained earnings by $101 million after tax ($158 million pre tax) in
stockholders  equity.

At the end of each quarter, we determine the fair value of MSRs using a valuation model that
calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing income. The model incorporates
assumptions that market participants use in estimating future net servicing income, including
estimates of prepayment speeds (including housing price volatility), discount rate, default rates,
cost to service (including delinquency and foreclosure costs), escrow account earnings, contractual
servicing fee income, ancillary income and late fees. The valuation of MSRs is discussed further in
this section and in Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies), Note 8 (Securitizations
and Variable Interest Entities), Note 9 (Mortgage Banking Activities) and Note 17 (Fair Values of
Assets and Liabilities) to Financial Statements.

To reduce the sensitivity of earnings to interest rate and market value fluctuations, we may use
securities available for sale and free-standing derivatives (economic hedges) to hedge the risk of
changes in the fair value of MSRs, with the resulting gains or losses reflected in income. Changes
in the fair value of the MSRs from changing mortgage interest rates are generally offset by gains
or losses in the fair value of the derivatives depending on the amount of MSRs we hedge and the
particular instruments chosen to hedge the MSRs. We may choose not to fully hedge MSRs, partly
because origination volume tends to act as a  natural hedge.  For example, as interest rates
decline, servicing values generally decrease and fees from origination volume tend to increase.
Conversely, as interest rates increase, the fair value of the MSRs generally increases, while fees
from origination volume tend to decline. See  Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and Market Risk  for
discussion of the timing of the effect of changes in mortgage interest rates.

Net servicing income, a component of mortgage banking noninterest income, includes the changes from
period to period in fair value of both our residential MSRs and the free-standing derivatives
(economic hedges) used to hedge our residential MSRs. Changes in the fair value of residential MSRs
from period to period result from (1) changes in the valuation model inputs or assumptions
(principally reflecting changes in discount rates and prepayment speed assumptions, mostly due to
changes in interest rates) and (2) other changes, representing changes due to
collection/realization of expected cash flows.

We use a dynamic and sophisticated model to estimate the value of our MSRs. The model is validated
by an independent internal model validation group operating in accordance with Company policies.
Senior management reviews all significant assumptions quarterly. Mortgage loan prepayment speed a
key assumption in the model is the annual rate at which borrowers are forecasted to repay their
mortgage loan principal. The discount rate used to determine the present value of estimated future
net servicing income another key assumption in the model is the required rate of return investors
in the market would expect for an asset with similar risk. To determine the discount rate, we
consider the risk premium for uncertainties from servicing operations (e.g., possible changes in
future servicing costs, ancillary income and earnings on escrow accounts). Both assumptions can,
and generally will, change quarterly as market conditions and interest rates change. For example,
an increase in either the prepayment speed or discount rate assumption results in a decrease in the
fair value of the MSRs, while a decrease in either assumption would result in an increase in the
fair value of the MSRs. In recent years, there have been significant market-driven fluctuations in
loan prepayment speeds and the discount rate. These fluctuations can be rapid and may be
significant in the future. Therefore, estimating prepayment speeds within a range that market
participants would use in determining the fair value of MSRs requires significant management
judgment.

40 

These key economic assumptions and the sensitivity of the fair value of MSRs to an immediate
adverse change in those assumptions are shown in Note 8 (Securitizations and Variable Interest
Entities) to Financial Statements.

Fair Valuation of Financial Instruments 

We use fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain financial
instruments and to determine fair value disclosures. Trading assets, securities available for sale,
derivatives and substantially all mortgages held for sale (MHFS) are financial instruments recorded
at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, we may be required to record
at fair value other financial assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as nonprime residential and
commercial MHFS, loans held for sale, loans held for investment and certain other assets. These
nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve application of lower-of-cost-or-market
accounting or write-downs of individual assets. Further, we include in Notes to Financial
Statements information about the extent to which fair value is used to measure assets and
liabilities, the valuation methodologies used and its impact to earnings. Additionally, for
financial instruments not recorded at fair value we disclose the estimate of their fair value. 

FAS 157,  Fair Value Measurements  (FAS 157), defines fair value as the price that would be received to
sell the financial asset or paid to transfer the financial liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date.

FAS 157 establishes a three-level hierarchy
for disclosure of assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. The classification of assets and
liabilities within the hierarchy is based on whether the inputs to the valuation methodology used
for measurement are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market-derived or
market-based information obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our
estimates about market data.

Level 1   Valuation is based upon quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active
markets. Level 1 instruments include securities traded on active exchange markets, such as the New
York Stock Exchange, as well as
U.S. Treasury, other U.S. government and agency mortgage-backed securities that are traded by
dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets.  

Level 2   Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets,
quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based
valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market. Level 2
instruments include securities traded in less active dealer or broker markets and MHFS that are
valued based on prices for other mortgage whole loans with similar characteristics.  

Level 3   Valuation is generated from model-based techniques that use significant assumptions not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect  

our own estimates of
assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques
include use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques.  

In accordance with FAS 157, it is our policy to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs when developing fair value measurements. When available, we use
quoted market prices to measure fair value. If market prices are not available, fair value
measurement is based upon models that use primarily market-based or independently-sourced market
parameters, including interest rate yield curves, prepayment speeds, option volatilities and
currency rates. Substantially all of our financial instruments use either of the foregoing
methodologies, collectively Level 1 and Level 2 measurements, to determine fair value adjustments
recorded to our financial statements. However, in certain cases, when market observable inputs for
model-based valuation techniques may not be readily available, we are required to make judgments
about assumptions market participants would use in estimating the fair value of the financial
instrument.

The degree of management judgment involved in determining the fair value of a financial instrument
is dependent upon the availability of quoted market prices or observable market parameters. For
financial instruments that trade actively and have quoted market prices or observable market
parameters, there is minimal subjectivity involved in measuring fair value. When observable market
prices and parameters are not fully available, management judgment is necessary to estimate fair
value. In addition, changes in the market conditions may reduce the availability of quoted prices
or observable data. For example, reduced liquidity in the capital markets or changes in secondary
market activities could result in observable market inputs becoming unavailable. Therefore, when
market data is not available, we would use valuation techniques requiring more management judgment
to estimate the appropriate fair value measurement.

At December 31, 2007, approximately 22% of total assets, or $123.8 billion, consisted of financial
instruments recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Approximately 82% of these financial
instruments used valuation methodologies involving market-based or market-derived information,
collectively Level 1 and 2 measurements, to measure fair value. Approximately 18% of these
financial assets are measured using model-based techniques, or Level 3 measurements. Virtually all
of our financial assets valued using Level 3 measurements represented MSRs (previously described)
or investments in asset-backed securities where we underwrite the underlying collateral (auto lease
receivables). At December 31, 2007, approximately 0.5% of total liabilities, or $2.6 billion,
consisted of financial instruments recorded at fair value on a recurring basis.

See Note 17 (Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities) to Financial Statements for a complete
discussion on our use of fair valuation of financial instruments, our related measurement
techniques and its impact to our financial statements.

41 

Pension Accounting 

We account for our defined benefit pension plans using an actuarial model required by FAS 87,
 Employers  Accounting for Pensions , as amended by FAS 158,  Employers  Accounting for Defined
Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans   an amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106,
and 132(R) . FAS 158 was issued on September 29, 2006, and became effective for us on December 31,
2006. FAS 158 requires us to recognize the funded status of our pension and postretirement benefit
plans in our balance sheet. Additionally, FAS 158 will require us to use a year-end measurement
date beginning in 2008. The adoption of FAS 158 did not change the amount of net periodic benefit
expense recognized in our income statement.

We use four key variables to calculate our annual pension cost: size and characteristics of the
employee population, actuarial assumptions, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and
discount rate. We describe below the effect of each of these variables on our pension expense.

SIZE AND CHARACTERISTICS OF THE EMPLOYEE POPULATION 

Pension expense is directly related to the number of employees covered by the plans, and other
factors including salary, age and years of employment.

ACTUARIAL ASSUMPTIONS 

To estimate the projected benefit obligation, actuarial assumptions are required about factors
such as the rates of mortality, turnover, retirement, disability and compensation increases for our
participant population. These demographic assumptions are reviewed periodically. In general, the
range of assumptions is narrow.

EXPECTED LONG-TERM RATE OF RETURN ON PLAN ASSETS 

We determine the expected return on plan assets each year based on the composition of assets
and the expected long-term rate of return on that portfolio. The expected long-term rate of return
assumption is a long-term assumption and is not anticipated to change significantly from year to
year.

To determine if the expected rate of return is reasonable, we consider such factors as (1)
long-term historical return experience for major asset class categories (for example, large cap and
small cap domestic equities, international equities and domestic fixed income), and (2)
forward-looking return expectations for these major asset classes. Our expected rate of return for
2008 is 8.75%, the same rate used for 2007 and 2006. Differences in each year, if any, between
expected and actual returns are included in our net actuarial gain or loss amount, which is
recognized in other comprehensive income. We generally amortize any net actuarial gain or loss in
excess of a 5% corridor (as defined in FAS 87) in net periodic
pension expense calculations over the next five years. Our average remaining service period is
approximately 11 years. See Note 20 (Employee Benefits and Other Expenses) to Financial Statements
for information on funding, changes in the pension benefit obligation, and plan assets (including
the investment categories, asset allocation and the fair value).

We use November 30 as the measurement date for our pension assets and projected benefit
obligations. If we were to assume a 1% increase/decrease in the expected long-term rate of return,
holding the discount rate and other actuarial assumptions constant, pension expense would
decrease/increase by approximately $54 million. In 2008 we will use December 31 as our measurement
date as required under FAS 158.

DISCOUNT RATE 

We
use a discount rate to determine the present value of our future benefit obligations. The
discount rate reflects the current rates available on long-term high-quality fixed-income debt instruments,
and is reset annually on the measurement date. To determine the discount rate, we review in
conjunction with our independent actuary, spot interest rate yield curves based upon yields from a
broad population of high-quality bonds, adjusted to match the timing and amounts of the Cash
Balance Plan s expected benefit payments. We used a discount rate of 6.25% in 2007 and 5.75% in
2006.

If we were to assume a 1% increase in the discount rate, and keep the expected long-term rate of
return and other actuarial assumptions constant, pension expense would decrease by approximately $6
million. If we were to assume a 1% decrease in the discount rate, and keep other assumptions
constant, pension expense would increase by approximately $82 million. The decrease in pension
expense due to a 1% increase in discount rate differs from the increase in pension expense due to a
1% decrease in discount rate due to the impact of the 5% gain/loss corridor.

Income Taxes 

We
are subject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its states and municipalities and
those of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. We account for income taxes in accordance
with FAS 109,  Accounting for Income Taxes,  as interpreted by FIN 48,  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes .
Our income tax expense consists of two components: current and deferred. Current income tax expense
approximates taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period and includes income tax expense
related to our uncertain tax positions. We determine deferred income taxes using the balance sheet
method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is based on the tax effects of
the differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and recognized enacted
changes in tax rates and laws in the period in which they occur. Deferred income tax expense
results from changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities between periods. Deferred tax assets
are recognized subject to management s judgment that realization is more likely than not. Uncertain
tax positions that meet the  more likely than not  recognition threshold are measured to determine
the amount of benefit to recognize. An uncertain tax position is measured at the largest amount of
benefit that management believes is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement.
Foreign taxes paid are generally applied as credits to reduce federal income taxes payable. We
account for interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense.

42 

The income tax laws of the jurisdictions in
which we operate are complex and subject to different
interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant
government taxing authorities. In establishing a
provision for income tax expense, we must make
judgments and interpretations about the application of
these inherently complex tax laws. We must also make
estimates about when in the future certain items will
affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions
by the government taxing authorities, both domestic
and foreign. Our interpretations may be subjected to
review during examination by taxing authorities and
disputes may arise over the respective tax positions.
We attempt to resolve these disputes during the tax
examination and audit process and ultimately through
the court systems when applicable.

We monitor relevant tax authorities and revise
our estimate of accrued income taxes due to changes in
income tax laws and their interpretation by the courts
and regulatory authorities on a quarterly basis.
Revisions of our estimate of accrued income taxes also
may result from our own income tax planning and from
the resolution of income tax controversies. Such
revisions in our estimates may be material to our
operating results for any given quarter.

See Note 21 (Income Taxes) to Financial
Statements for a further description of our
provision for income taxes and related income tax
assets and liabilities.

Earnings Performance

Net Interest Income    
Net interest income is the interest earned on debt
securities, loans (including yield-related loan fees)
and other interest-earning assets minus the interest
paid for deposits and long-term and short-term debt.
The net interest margin is the average yield on
earning assets minus the average interest rate paid
for deposits and our other sources of funding. Net
interest income and the net interest margin are
presented on a taxable-equivalent basis to
consistently reflect income from taxable and
tax-exempt loans and securities based on a 35% federal
statutory tax rate.

Net interest income on a
taxable-equivalent basis was $21.1 billion in 2007, up
5% from $20.1 billion in 2006. Our net interest margin
decreased to 4.74% for 2007 from 4.83% for 2006. Both
the increase in net interest income and the decrease
in the net interest margin were largely driven by
strong growth in earning assets which were up 7% in
2007.

Average earning assets increased $30.1 billion
to $445.9 billion in 2007 from $415.8 billion in
2006. Average loans increased to $344.8 billion in
2007 from $306.9 billion in 2006. Average mortgages
held for sale decreased to $33.1 billion in 2007
from $42.9 billion in 2006. Average debt securities
available for sale increased to $57.0 billion in
2007 from $53.6 billion in 2006.

Core deposits are
an important contributor to growth in net interest
income and the net interest margin, and are

a low-cost source of funding. Core deposits are
noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing
checking, savings certificates, market rate and other
savings, and certain foreign deposits (Eurodollar
sweep balances). We have one of the largest bases of
core deposits among large U.S. banks. Average core
deposits grew 13% to $303.1 billion in 2007 from
$268.9 billion in 2006
and funded 88% of average total loans in both years.
Total average retail core deposits, which exclude
Wholesale Banking core deposits and retail mortgage
escrow deposits, for 2007 grew $12.9 billion (6%) from
2006. Average mortgage escrow deposits increased to
$21.5 billion in 2007 from $18.2 billion in 2006.
Average
savings certificates of deposit increased to
$40.5 billion in 2007 from $32.4 billion in 2006 and
average noninterest-bearing checking accounts and
other core deposit categories (interest-bearing
checking and market rate and other savings) increased
to $241.9 billion in 2007 from $227.7 billion in 2006.
Total average interest-bearing deposits increased to
$239.2 billion in 2007 from $223.8 billion in 2006,
due to a shift in the deposit mix in favor of
higher-yielding savings and certificates of deposit
relative to lower cost savings and demand deposit
accounts.

Table 3 presents the individual components of net
interest income and the net interest margin.

43 

Table 3:  Average Balances, Yields and Rates Paid (Taxable-Equivalent Basis)  (1)(2) 

44 

(5) 
       
     Nonaccrual loans and related income are included in their respective loan categories. 

(6) 
       
     At December 31, 2003, upon adoption of FIN 46(R), these balances were reflected in long-term
debt. See Note 14 (Long-Term Debt) to Financial Statements for more information. 

(7) 
       
     Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments primarily related to tax-exempt income on certain loans
and securities. The federal statutory tax rate was 35% for all years presented. 

45 

Table 4 allocates the changes in net
interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis to
changes in either average balances or average rates
for both interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities. Because of the numerous simultaneous
volume and rate changes during any period, it is not

possible to precisely allocate such changes between
volume and rate. For this table, changes that are not
solely due to either volume or rate are allocated to
these categories in proportion to the percentage
changes in average volume and average rate.

Table 4:  Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income

Noninterest Income   
We earn trust, investment and IRA fees from
managing and administering assets, including mutual
funds, corporate trust, personal trust, employee
benefit trust and agency assets. At
December 31, 2007, these assets totaled $1.12
trillion, up 14% from $983 billion at December 31,
2006. Trust, investment and IRA fees are primarily
based on a tiered scale relative to the market value
of the assets under management or administration. The
13% increase in these fees in 2007 from 2006 was due
to continued strong asset growth across all the trust
and investment management businesses.

We also receive commissions and other fees for
providing services to full-service and discount
brokerage customers. At December 31, 2007 and 2006,
brokerage assets totaled $131

billion and $115 billion, respectively. Generally,
these fees include transactional commissions, which
are based on the number of transactions executed at
the customer s direction, or asset-based fees, which
are based on the market value of the customer s
assets. A significant portion of the 20% increase in
these fees in 2007 from a year ago was due to higher
securities issuance and investment banking activity.

Card fees increased 22% to $2,136 million in
2007 from $1,747 million in 2006, primarily due to an
increase in the percentage of our customer base using
a Wells Fargo credit card and to higher credit and
debit card transaction volume. Purchase volume on
these cards increased 19% from a year ago and average
card balances were up 28%.

46 

Table 5:  Noninterest Income

NM   Not meaningful

Mortgage banking noninterest income was $3,133
million in 2007, compared with $2,311 million in 2006.
Servicing fees, included in net servicing income, increased
to $4,025 million in 2007 from $3,525 million in 2006,
due to growth in loans serviced for others, primarily
reflecting the full year effect of the $140 billion
servicing portfolio acquired from Washington Mutual,
Inc. in July 2006. Our portfolio of loans serviced for
others was $1.43 trillion at December 31, 2007, up 12%
from $1.28 trillion at December 31, 2006. Servicing
income also includes both changes in the fair value of
MSRs during the period as well as changes in the value
of derivatives (economic hedges) used to hedge the
MSRs. Net servicing income for 2007 included a $583
million net MSRs valuation gain that was recorded to
earnings ($571 million fair value loss offset by a
$1.15 billion economic hedging gain) and for 2006
included a $154 million net MSRs valuation loss ($9
million fair value loss plus a $145 million economic
hedging loss). At December 31, 2007, the ratio of MSRs
to related loans serviced for others was 1.20%, the
lowest ratio in 10 quarters.

Net gains on mortgage loan origination/sales
activities were $1,289 million in 2007, up from $1,116
million in 2006. Gains for 2007 were partly offset by
losses of $803 million, which consisted of a $479
million write-down of the mortgage warehouse/pipeline,
and a $324 million write-down primarily due to
mortgage loans repurchased and an increase in the
repurchase reserve for projected early payment
defaults. During 2006, we realized losses of $126
million resulting from the sale of low
yielding ARMs as part of our balance sheet
repositioning strategy. Residential real estate
originations totaled $272 billion in 2007, compared

with $294 billion in 2006. Under FAS 159 we elected in
2007 to account for new prime MHFS at fair value.
These loans are initially measured at fair value, with
subsequent changes in fair value recognized as a
component of net gains on mortgage loan
origination/sales activities. Prior to the adoption of
FAS 159, these fair value gains would have been
deferred until the sale of these loans. (For
additional detail, see  Asset/Liability and Market
Risk Management   Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and
Market Risk,  and Note 1 (Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies), Note 9 (Mortgage Banking
Activities) and Note 17 (Fair Values of Assets and
Liabilities) to Financial Statements.) The 1-4 family
first mortgage unclosed pipeline was $43 billion at
December 31, 2007 and $48 billion at December 31,
2006.

Insurance revenue was up 14% from 2006, due to
higher insurance commissions and increases in crop
insurance premiums.

Income from trading activities was $544 million
in both 2007 and 2006. Net gains on debt securities
were $209 million for 2007, compared with losses of
$19 million for 2006. Net gains from equity
investments were $734 million in 2007, compared with
$738 million in 2006.

We routinely review our investment portfolios and
recognize impairment write-downs based primarily on
fair market value, issuer-specific factors and
results, and our intent to hold such securities to
recovery. We also consider general economic and market
conditions, including industries in which venture
capital investments are made, and adverse changes
affecting the availability of venture capital. We
determine other-than-temporary impairment based on the
information available at the time of the assessment,
with particular focus on the severity and duration of
specific security impairments, but new information or
economic developments in the future could result in
recognition of additional impairment.

Noninterest Expense 

Table 6:  Noninterest Expense

47 

We continued to build our business with
investments in additional team members, largely sales
and service professionals, and new banking stores in
2007. The 10% increase in noninterest expense to
$22.8 billion in 2007 from $20.8 billion in 2006 was
due primarily to the increase in salaries, incentive
compensation and employee benefits. We grew our sales
and service force by adding 1,755 team members
(full-time equivalents), including 578 retail platform
bankers. In 2007, we opened 87 regional banking stores
and converted 42 stores acquired from Placer Sierra
Bancshares and National City Bank to our network. The
acquisition of Greater Bay Bancorp added $87 million
of expenses in 2007. Expenses also included stock
option expense of $129 million in 2007, compared with
$134 million in 2006. In addition, expenses in 2007
included $433 million in origination costs that, prior
to the adoption of FAS 159, would have been deferred
and recognized as a reduction of net gains on mortgage
loan origination/sales activities at the time of sale.

Operating losses included $203 million for 2007
and $95 million for 2006 of litigation expenses
associated with indemnification obligations arising
from our ownership interest in Visa.

Wells Fargo is a member of the Visa USA network. On October 3, 2007,
the Visa organization of affiliated entities completed
a series of global restructuring transactions to
combine its affiliated operating companies, including
Visa USA, under a single holding company, Visa Inc.
Visa Inc. intends to issue and sell a majority of its
shares to the public in an initial public offering
(IPO). We have an approximate 2.8% ownership interest
in Visa Inc., which is included in our balance sheet
at a nominal amount.

We obtained concurrence from the
staff of the SEC concerning our accounting for the
Visa restructuring transactions, including (1)
judgment sharing agreements previously executed among
the Company, Visa Inc. and its predecessors
(collectively Visa) and certain other member banks of
the Visa USA network, (2) litigation, and (3) an
escrow account that will be established by Visa Inc.
at the time of its IPO. The escrow account will be
funded from IPO proceeds and will be used to make
payments related to Visa litigation. We recorded
litigation liabilities associated with indemnification
obligations related to agreements entered into during
second quarter 2006 and third quarter 2007. Based on
our proportionate membership share of Visa USA, we
recorded a litigation liability and corresponding
expense of $95 million for 2006 and $203 million for
2007. The effect to the second quarter 2006 was
estimated based upon our share of an actual settlement
reached in November 2007. Management does not believe
that the fair value of this obligation if determined
in second quarter 2006 would have been materially
different given information available at that time.
Management has concluded, and the Audit and
Examination Committee of our Board of Directors has
concurred, that these amounts are immaterial to the
periods affected.

Upon completion of Visa Inc. s IPO, we will
account for the funding of the escrow account by
reducing our litigation liability with a
corresponding credit to noninterest expense

for our
portion of the escrow account, consistent with the
method of allocating joint and several liability
among potentially responsible parties in American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants Statement
of Position 96-1,  Environmental Remediation Liabilities .

Income Tax Expense  

On January 1, 2007, we adopted FASB Interpretation
No. 48,  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes 
(FIN 48).
Implementation of FIN 48 did not result in a
cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. At
January 1, 2007, the total amount of unrecognized tax
benefits and accrued interest was $3.1 billion, of
which $1.7 billion related to tax benefits and
interest that, if recognized, would impact the annual
effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate for 2007
was 30.7%, compared with 33.4% for 2006. Income tax
expense and the related effective tax rate for 2007
included FIN 48 tax benefits of $235 million, as well
as the impact of lower pre-tax earnings in relation to
the level of tax-exempt income and tax credits. The
tax benefits were primarily related to the resolution
of certain matters with federal and state taxing
authorities and statute expirations, reduced by
accruals for uncertain tax positions, in accordance
with FIN 48. We expect that FIN 48 will cause more
volatility in our effective tax rate from quarter to
quarter as we are now required to recognize tax
positions in our financial statements based on the
probability of ultimately sustaining such positions
with the respective taxing authorities, and we are
required to reassess those positions each quarter
based on our evaluation of new information.

Operating Segment Results  

We have three lines of business for management
reporting: Community Banking, Wholesale Banking and
Wells Fargo Financial. For a more complete
description of our operating segments, including
additional financial information and the underlying
management accounting process, see Note 24 (Operating
Segments) to Financial Statements.

To reflect a change in the allocation of income
taxes for management reporting adopted in 2007,
results for prior periods have been revised.

COMMUNITY BANKING S    net income decreased 5%
to $5.29 billion in 2007 from $5.55 billion in 2006.
Strong sales and revenue growth combined with
disciplined expense management were offset by higher
credit costs, including the $1.4 billion (pre tax)
credit reserve build. Revenue increased 11% to $25.54
billion from $23.03 billion in 2006. Net interest
income increased 2% to $13.37 billion in 2007 from
$13.12 billion in 2006. Although the net interest
margin declined 3 basis points to 4.75% (primarily due
to lower investment yields), the 3% growth in earning
assets more than offset the impact of the lower
margin. The growth in earning assets was predominantly
driven by loan growth. Average loans were up 9% to
$194.0 billion in 2007 from $178.0 billion in 2006.
Average core deposits were up 7% to $249.8 billion in
2007 from $233.5 billion a year ago.

48 

Noninterest income increased 23% to $12.17 billion in
2007 from $9.92 billion in 2006, primarily due to
retail banking fee revenue growth in brokerage,
deposit service charges, cards and investments.
Noninterest income also included higher mortgage
banking revenue, which increased $505 million (18%)
largely due to higher servicing income. The provision
for credit losses for 2007 increased to $3.19 billion
in 2007 from $887 million in 2006 including the fourth
quarter 2007 $1.4 billion credit reserve build, with
over half of the remaining increase in the Home Equity
portfolio. Noninterest expense for 2007 increased 8%
to $15.00 billion in 2007 from $13.92 billion in 2006,
due to growth in personnel expenses.

WHOLESALE BANKING S    net income increased 13%
to a record $2.28 billion in 2007 from $2.02 billion
in 2006. Revenue increased 15% to a record $8.34
billion from $7.23 billion in 2006. Net interest
income increased 16% to $3.38 billion for 2007
from $2.92 billion for 2006 primarily due to higher
earning asset volumes and earning asset yields and
related fees, partially offset by higher funding
costs. Average loans increased 20% to $85.6 billion in
2007 from $71.4 billion in 2006. Average core deposits
grew 51% to $53.3 billion primarily due to large
corporate and middle-market relationships,
international and correspondent banking customers and
from higher Eurodollar sweep and liquidity balances
from our asset management customers. The increase in
provision for credit losses to $69 million in 2007
from $16 million in 2006 was due to higher net
charge-offs. Noninterest income increased 15% to $4.96
billion in 2007, due to higher deposit service
charges, trust and investment income, foreign exchange

fees, insurance revenue, commercial real estate
brokerage fees and capital markets activity.
Noninterest expense increased 16% to $4.77 billion in
2007 from $4.11 billion in 2006, due to higher
personnel-related costs, expenses related to higher
sales volumes, investments in new offices and
businesses and acquisitions.

WELLS FARGO FINANCIAL S    net income decreased
44% to $481 million in 2007 from $852 million in 2006
reflecting higher credit losses and our decision in
late 2006 to slow the growth in our auto portfolio as
well as the divestiture of some of our Latin American
operations and a $50 million reversal of Hurricane
Katrina-related reserves, both in 2006. Revenue was up
2% to $5.51 billion in 2007 from $5.43 billion in
2006. Net interest income increased 8% to $4.23
billion from $3.91 billion in 2006 due to growth in
average loans. Average loans increased 13% to $65.2
billion in 2007 from $57.5 billion in 2006. The
provision for credit losses increased $382 million in
2007 from 2006, primarily due to an increase in net
charge-offs in the auto lending and credit card
portfolios, and lower net charge-offs in early 2006
relating to the bankruptcy law change in October 2005.
Noninterest income decreased $231 million in 2007 from
2006 in part, as a result of the Latin American sale.
Noninterest expense increased $246 million (9%) in
2007 from 2006, primarily due to higher employee
compensation and benefit costs. A significant portion
of this increase was due to Wells Fargo Financial s
continued focus on reducing losses and delinquencies
in auto lending and credit card portfolios by
improving processes and staffing levels in
collections.

Balance Sheet Analysis

Securities Available for Sale  

Our securities available for sale consist of both
debt and marketable equity securities. We hold debt
securities available for sale primarily for liquidity,
interest rate risk management and long-term yield
enhancement. Accordingly, this portfolio primarily
includes very liquid, high-quality federal agency and
privately issued mortgage-backed securities. At
December 31, 2007, we held $70.2 billion of debt
securities available for sale, with net unrealized
gains of $775 million, compared with $41.8 billion at
December 31, 2006, with net unrealized gains of $722
million. We also held $2.8 billion of marketable
equity securities available for sale at December 31,
2007, and $796 million at December 31, 2006, with net
unrealized losses of $95 million and net gains of $204
million for the same periods, respectively. The
increase in marketable equity securities was primarily
due to our adoption of Topic D-109 effective July 1,
2007, which resulted in the transfer of approximately
$1.2 billion of securities, consisting of investments
in preferred stock callable by the issuer, from
trading assets to securities available for sale.

The weighted-average expected maturity of debt
securities available for sale was 5.9 years at
December 31, 2007. Since 78%

of this portfolio is
mortgage-backed securities, the expected remaining
maturity may differ from contractual maturity because
borrowers may have the right to prepay obligations
before the underlying mortgages mature. The estimated
effect of a 200 basis point increase or decrease in
interest rates on the fair value and the expected
remaining maturity of the mortgage-backed securities
available for sale is shown in Table 7.

We have approximately $3 billion of
investments in securities, primarily municipal bonds,
that are guaranteed against loss by bond insurers.
These securities are almost exclusively

49 

investment grade and were generally underwritten in accordance
with our own investment standards prior to the
determination to purchase, without relying on the bond
insurer s guarantee in making the investment decision.
These securities will continue to be monitored as part
of our ongoing impairment analysis of our securities
available for sale, but are expected to perform, even
if the rating agencies reduce the credit rating of the
bond insurers.

See Note 5 (Securities Available for Sale) to
Financial Statements for securities available for
sale by security type.

Loan Portfolio  

A discussion of average loan balances is included
in  Earnings Performance   Net Interest Income  on
page 43 and a comparative schedule of average loan
balances is included in Table 3; year-end balances
are in Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses)
to Financial Statements.

Total loans at December 31, 2007, were $382.2
billion, up $63.1 billion (20%) from $319.1 billion at
December 31, 2006. Consumer loans were $221.9 billion
at December 31, 2007, up $31.5 billion (17%) from
$190.4 billion a year ago. Commercial and commercial
real estate loans of $152.8 billion at December 31,
2007, increased $30.8 billion (25%) from a year ago.
Mortgages held for sale decreased to $26.8 billion at
December 31, 2007, from $33.1 billion a year ago. Our
acquisitions of Greater Bay Bancorp, Placer Sierra
Bancshares and the CIT construction business in 2007
added $9.7 billion of total loans, consisting of $8.8
billion of commercial and commercial real estate loans
and $866 million of consumer loans at December 31,
2007.

Table 8 shows contractual loan maturities and
interest rate sensitivities for selected loan
categories.

Deposits  

Year-end deposit balances are shown in Table 9.
Comparative detail of average deposit balances is
included in Table 3. Average core deposits increased
$34.2 billion to $303.1 billion in 2007 from $268.9
billion in 2006. Average core deposits funded 58.2%
and 55.3% of average total assets in 2007 and 2006,
respectively. Total average interest-bearing deposits
increased to $239.2 billion in 2007 from $223.8
billion in 2006, largely due to growth in market rate
and other savings deposits, along with growth in
foreign deposits, offset by a decline in other time
deposits. Total average noninterest-bearing deposits
declined to $88.9 billion in 2007 from $89.1 billion
in 2006. Savings certificates increased on average to
$40.5 billion in 2007 from $32.4 billion in 2006.

(1) 
       
     Reflects Eurodollar sweep balances included in core deposits. 

50 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Aggregate Contractual Obligations

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Variable
Interest Entities, Guarantees and Other
Commitments  

We consolidate our majority-owned subsidiaries and
variable interest entities in which we are the primary
beneficiary. Generally, we use the equity method of
accounting if we own at least 20% of an entity and we
carry the investment at cost if we own less than 20%
of an entity. See Note 1 (Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements for our
consolidation policy.

In the ordinary course of business, we engage in
financial transactions that are not recorded in the
balance sheet, or may be recorded in the balance sheet
in amounts that are different from the full contract
or notional amount of the transaction. These
transactions are designed to (1) meet the financial
needs of customers, (2) manage our credit, market or
liquidity risks, (3) diversify our funding sources, or
(4) optimize capital, and are accounted for in
accordance with U.S. GAAP.

We have largely avoided many of the industry
issues associated with collateralized debt obligations
(CDOs) and structured investment vehicles (SIVs). A
CDO is a security backed by pools of assets, which may
include debt securities, including bonds
(collateralized bond obligations, or CBOs) or loans
(collateralized loan obligations, or CLOs). CDOs often
can have reinvestment periods in which they can trade
assets and/or reinvest asset sales or liquidation
proceeds. Like collateralized mortgage obligations,
CDOs issue tranches of debt with different maturities
and risk characteristics. We typically have not
engaged in creating or sponsoring SIVs to hold
off-balance sheet assets and we have not made a market
in subprime securities.

Almost all of our off-balance sheet arrangements
result from securitizations. We routinely securitize
home mortgage loans and, from time to time, other
financial assets, including commercial mortgages. We
normally structure loan securitizations as sales, in
accordance with FAS 140,  Accounting for Transfers and
Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishment of
Liabilities   a replacement of FASB Statement No.
125 . This involves the transfer of financial assets to
certain qualifying special-purpose entities that we
are not required to consolidate. In a securitization,
we can convert the assets into cash earlier

than if we held the assets to maturity. Special-purpose entities
used in these types of securitizations obtain cash to
acquire assets by issuing securities to investors. In
a securitization, we record a liability related to
standard representations and warranties we make to
purchasers and issuers for receivables transferred.
Also, we generally retain the right to service the
transferred receivables and to repurchase those
receivables from the special-purpose entity if the
outstanding balance of the receivable falls to a level
where the cost exceeds the benefits of servicing such
receivables.

At December 31, 2007, securitization
arrangements sponsored by the Company consisted of
$224 billion in securitized loan receivables,
including $135 billion of home mortgage loans and $89
billion of commercial mortgages. At December 31, 2007,
the retained servicing rights and other interests held
related to these securitizations were $10.8 billion,
consisting of $8.8 billion in securities, $1.5 billion
in servicing assets and $413 million in other
interests held. Related to our securitizations, we
have committed to provide up to $21 million in credit
enhancements.

We have investments in certain
special-purpose entities, generally created by other
sponsoring organizations, where we hold variable
interests greater than 20% but less than 50%
(significant variable interests). These
special-purpose entities were predominantly formed to
invest in affordable housing and sustainable energy
projects and to securitize corporate debt and had
approximately $5.8 billion in total assets at December
31, 2007, including $960 million related to CDOs. We
are not required to consolidate these entities. Our
maximum exposure to loss as a result of our
involvement with these unconsolidated variable
interest entities was approximately $2.0 billion at
December 31, 2007, primarily representing investments
in entities formed to invest in affordable housing and
sustainable energy projects. However, we expect to
recover our investment in these entities over time
primarily through realization of federal tax credits.
Our investments in CDOs, including those
special-purpose entities where we hold significant
variable interests, totaled $860 million at December
31, 2007. Table 10 reflects these investments,
including the corresponding asset collateral
categories and related credit ratings.

(1) 
       
     All unrecognized losses are reviewed for potential impairment on a quarterly basis. At
December 31, 2007, there was no deterioration in cash flows for any of the investments reflected
above and, therefore, no impairment charge. We have the ability and the intent to hold these
investments until maturity or recovery. 

(2) 
       
     Approximately 90% had underlying credit portfolios that
were selected by Wells Fargo credit analysts. Included $192 million of non-rated securities. 

51 

In addition, in securities available for
sale, we held approximately $1,735 million in
tax-exempt bonds at December 31, 2007, in the form of
CDOs, consolidated in our balance sheet with related
liabilities, based on the Company s participation in
certain municipal tender option bond programs. The
fair value includes a $69 million net unrealized loss
due to changes in interest rates which is expected to
be recovered over time. Approximately 98% of the
bonds are rated investment grade while 2% are not
rated. Under the municipal tender option bond
programs in which we participate, we place long-term
tax-exempt municipal bonds in a trust sponsored by a
third party which serves as the collateral for
short-term tender option bonds issued by the trust to
investors. These tender option bonds can be  put  or
tendered by the investor to the trust at par at
predetermined times (generally weekly or monthly). We
are required to consolidate the trusts in accordance
with FIN 46R. We earn a spread between the long-term
rate on the municipal bonds and the short-term rate
on the corresponding tender option bonds.

For more information on securitizations,
including sales proceeds and cash flows from
securitizations, see Note 8 (Securitizations and
Variable Interest Entities) to Financial Statements.

Our money market mutual funds are allowed to hold
investments in SIVs in accordance with approved
investment parameters for the respective funds and,
therefore, may have indirect exposure to CDOs. At
December 31, 2007, our money market mutual funds held
$106 billion of assets under management including
investments in eight SIVs not sponsored by the Company aggregating $1.6 billion, or
1.5% of the funds  assets. Based on the maturity and
paydown of these investments, by February 1, 2008, the
funds held three SIVs aggregating $1.0 billion. At
February 1, 2008, the remaining assets held by the
money market funds were either U.S. government,
high-grade municipal, or high-grade corporate
securities. At such time, to maintain an investment
rating of AAA for certain funds, we elected to enter
into a capital support agreement for up to $130
million related to one SIV held by our AAA-rated
non-government money market mutual funds. We are
generally not responsible for investment losses
incurred by our funds, and we do not have a
contractual or implicit obligation to indemnify such
losses or provide additional support to the funds.
Based on our estimate of the guarantee obligation at
the time we entered into the agreement, we recorded a
liability of $39 million in 2008. While we elected to
enter into the capital support agreement for the
AAA-rated funds, we are not obligated and may elect
not to provide additional support to these funds or
other funds in the future.

Wells Fargo Home Mortgage (Home Mortgage), in
the ordinary course of business, originates a portion
of its mortgage loans through unconsolidated joint ventures in
which we own an interest of 50% or less. Loans made
by these

joint ventures are funded by Wells Fargo
Bank, N.A. through an established line of credit and
are subject to specified underwriting criteria. At
December 31, 2007, the total assets of these mortgage
origination joint ventures were approximately $55
million. We provide liquidity to these joint ventures
in the form of outstanding lines of credit and, at
December 31, 2007, these liquidity commitments
totaled $238 million.

We also hold interests in other
unconsolidated joint ventures formed with unrelated
third parties to provide efficiencies from economies
of scale. A third party manages our real estate
lending services joint ventures and provides
customers title, escrow, appraisal and other real
estate related services. Our merchant services joint
venture includes credit card processing and related
activities. At December 31, 2007, total assets of our
real estate lending and merchant services joint
ventures were approximately $775 million.

In connection with certain brokerage, asset
management, insurance agency and other acquisitions we
have made, the terms of the acquisition agreements
provide for deferred payments or additional
consideration, based on certain performance targets.
At December 31, 2007, the amount of additional
consideration we expected to pay was not significant
to our financial statements.

As a financial services
provider, we routinely commit to extend credit,
including loan commitments, standby letters of credit
and financial guarantees. A significant portion of
commitments to extend credit may expire without being
drawn upon. These commitments are subject to the same
credit policies and approval process used for our
loans. For more information, see Note 6 (Loans and
Allowance for Credit Losses) and Note 15 (Guarantees
and Legal Actions) to Financial Statements.

In our venture capital and capital markets businesses, we
commit to fund equity investments directly to
investment funds and to specific private companies.
The timing of future cash requirements to fund these
commitments generally depends on the related
investment cycle, the period over which privately-held
companies are funded by investors and ultimately sold
or taken public. This cycle can vary based on market
conditions and the industry in which the companies
operate. We expect that many of these investments will
become public, or otherwise become liquid, before the
balance of unfunded equity commitments is used. At
December 31, 2007, these commitments were
approximately $895 million. Our other investment
commitments, principally related to affordable
housing, civic and other community development
initiatives, were approximately $685 million at
December 31, 2007.

In the ordinary course of business,
we enter into indemnification agreements, including
underwriting agreements relating to our securities,
securities lending, acquisition agreements, and
various other business transactions or arrangements.
For more information, see Note 15 (Guarantees and
Legal Actions) to Financial Statements.

52 

Contractual Obligations  

In addition to the contractual commitments and
arrangements previously described, which, depending on the
nature of the obligation, may or may not require use
of our resources, we enter into other contractual
obligations in the ordinary course of business,
including debt issuances for the funding of operations
and leases for premises and equipment.

Table 11 summarizes these contractual obligations at December
31, 2007, except obligations for short-term borrowing
arrangements and pension and postretirement benefit
plans. More information on those obligations is in
Note 13 (Short-Term Borrowings) and Note 20
(Employee Benefits and Other Expenses) to Financial
Statements. The table also excludes other commitments
more fully described under  Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements, Variable Interest Entities, Guarantees
and Other Commitments. 

We are subject to the income
tax laws of the U.S., its states and municipalities,
and those of the foreign jurisdictions in which we
operate. We have various unrecognized tax obligations
related to these operations which may require

future cash tax payments to various taxing authorities.
Because of their uncertain nature, the expected timing
and amounts of these payments are not reasonably
estimable or determinable. See Note 21 (Income Taxes)
to Financial Statements for more information.

We enter into derivatives, which create contractual
obligations, as part of our interest rate risk
management process, for our customers or for other
trading activities. See  Asset/Liability and Market
Risk Management  in this Report and Note 16
(Derivatives) to Financial Statements for more
information.

Transactions with Related Parties  

FAS 57,  Related Party Disclosures , requires
disclosure of material related party transactions,
other than compensation arrangements, expense
allowances and other similar items in the ordinary
course of business. We had no related party
transactions required to be reported under FAS 57 for
the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005.

(1) 
       
     Includes interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing checking, and
market rate and other savings accounts. 

(2) 
       
     Includes obligations under capital leases of $20 million. 

(3) 
       
     Represents agreements to purchase goods or services. 

Risk Management

Credit Risk Management Process  

Our credit risk management process provides for
decentralized management and accountability by our
lines of business. Our overall credit process includes
comprehensive credit policies, judgmental or
statistical credit underwriting, frequent and detailed
risk measurement and modeling, extensive credit
training programs and a continual loan review and
audit process. In addition, regulatory examiners
review and perform detailed tests of our credit
underwriting, loan administration and allowance
processes. In 2007, the credit policies related to
residential real estate lending were updated to
reflect the current economic conditions in the
industry. Credit policy was tightened as we made
decisions to exit certain poorly performing indirect
channels.

Managing credit risk is a company-wide
process. We have credit policies for all banking and
nonbanking operations incurring credit risk with
customers or counterparties that provide a prudent
approach to credit risk management. We use detailed
tracking and analysis to measure credit

performance
and exception rates and we routinely review and modify
credit policies as appropriate. We have corporate data
integrity standards to ensure accurate and complete
credit performance reporting for the consolidated
company. We strive to identify problem loans early and
have dedicated, specialized collection and work-out
units.

The Chief Credit Officer provides company-wide
credit oversight. Each business unit with direct
credit risks has a senior credit officer and has the
primary responsibility for managing its own credit
risk. The Chief Credit Officer delegates authority,
limits and other requirements to the business units.
These delegations are routinely reviewed and amended
if there are significant changes in personnel, credit
performance or business requirements. The Chief
Credit Officer is a member of the Company s
Management Committee. The Chief Credit Officer
provides a quarterly credit review to the Credit
Committee of the Board of Directors and meets with
them periodically.

53 

Our business units and the office of the Chief
Credit Officer periodically review all credit risk
portfolios to ensure that the risk identification
processes are functioning properly and that credit
standards are followed. Business units conduct quality
assurance reviews to ensure that loans meet portfolio
or investor credit standards. Our loan examiners in
risk asset review and internal audit independently
review portfolios with credit risk, monitor
performance, sample credits, review and test adherence
to credit policy and recommend/require corrective
actions as necessary.

Our primary business focus on
middle-market commercial, residential real estate,
auto, credit card and small consumer lending, results
in portfolio diversification. We assess loan
portfolios for geographic, industry or other
concentrations and use mitigation strategies, which
may include loan sales, syndications or third party
insurance, to minimize these concentrations, as we
deem appropriate.

In our commercial loan, commercial real estate
loan and lease financing portfolios, larger or more
complex loans are individually underwritten and
judgmentally risk rated. They are periodically
monitored and prompt corrective actions are taken on
deteriorating loans. Smaller, more homogeneous
commercial small business loans are approved and
monitored using statistical techniques.

Retail loans are typically underwritten with
statistical decision-making tools and are managed
throughout their life cycle on a portfolio basis. The
Chief Credit Officer establishes corporate standards
for model development and validation to ensure sound
credit decisions and regulatory compliance and
approves new model implementation and periodic
validation.

Residential real estate mortgages are one of our
core products. We offer a broad spectrum of first
mortgage and junior lien loans that we consider mostly
prime or near prime. These loans are almost entirely
secured by a primary residence for the purpose of
purchase money, refinance, debt consolidation, or home
equity loans. We do not make or purchase option
adjustable-rate mortgage products (option ARMs) or
variable-rate mortgage products with fixed payment
amounts, commonly referred to within the financial
services industry as negative amortizing mortgage
loans, as we believe these products rarely provide a
benefit to our customers.

We originate mortgage loans through a variety of
sources, including our retail sales force and licensed
real estate brokers. We apply consistent credit
policies, borrower documentation standards, Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991
(FDICIA) compliant appraisal requirements, and sound
underwriting, regardless of application source. We
perform quality control reviews for third party
originated loans and actively manage or terminate
sources that do not meet our credit standards.
Specifically, during 2007 we stopped originating first
and junior lien residential mortgages where
credit performance had deteriorated beyond our
expectations, especially recent vintages of high
combined loan-to-value home equity loans sourced
through third party channels.

We believe our underwriting process is well
controlled and appropriate for the needs of our
customers as well as

investors who purchase the
loans or securities collateralized by the loans. We
only approve applications and make loans if we
believe the customer has the ability to repay the
loan or line of credit according to all its terms.
A small portion of borrower selected stated income
loans originated from third party channels produced
unacceptable performance in our Home Equity
portfolio. We have tightened our bank-selected
reduced documentation requirements as a
precautionary measure and substantially reduced
third party originations due to the negative trends
experienced in these channels. Appraisals are used
to support property values.

In the mortgage
industry, it has been common for consumers,
lenders, and servicers to purchase mortgage
insurance, which can enhance the credit quality of
the loan for investors and serves generally to
expand the market for home ownership.

In our servicing portfolio, certain of the loans
we service carry mortgage insurance, based largely on
the requirements of investors, who bear the ultimate
credit risk. Within our $1.5 trillion servicing
portfolio, we service approximately $115 billion of
loans that carry approximately $25 billion of mortgage
insurance coverage purchased from a group of mortgage
insurance companies that are rated AA or higher by one
or more of the major rating agencies. Should any of
these companies experience a downgrade by one or more
of the rating agencies, investors may be exposed to a
higher level of credit risk. In this event, as
servicer, we would work with the investors to
determine if it is necessary to obtain replacement
coverage with another insurer. Our mortgage servicing
portfolio consists of over 90% prime loans and we
continue to be among the highest rated loan servicers
for residential real estate mortgage loans, based on
various servicing criteria. The foreclosure rate in
our mortgage servicing portfolio was only 0.88% at
year-end 2007.

Similarly, we obtained approximately $2
billion of mortgage insurance coverage for certain
loans that we held for investment or for sale at December 31, 2007. In the
event a mortgage insurer is unable to meet its
obligations on defaulted loans in accordance with the
insurance contract, we might be exposed to higher
credit losses if replacement coverage on those loans cannot be
obtained. However, approximately one-third of the
coverage related to the debt consolidation nonprime
real estate 1-4 family mortgage loans held by Wells
Fargo Financial, which have had a low level of credit
losses (0.31% loss rate (annualized) in fourth quarter
2007 for the entire debt consolidation portfolio). The
remaining coverage primarily related to prime real
estate 1-4 family mortgage loans, primarily high
quality ARMs for our retail and wealth management
customers, which also have had very low loss rates.

Each business unit regularly completes asset
quality forecasts to quantify its intermediate-term
outlook for loan losses and recoveries, nonperforming
loans and market trends. To make sure our overall loss
estimates and the allowance for credit losses is
adequate, we conduct periodic stress tests. This
includes a portfolio loss simulation model that
simulates a range of possible losses for various
sub-portfolios assuming various trends in loan
quality, stemming from economic conditions or borrower
performance.

54 

We routinely review and evaluate risks that are
not borrower specific but that may influence the
behavior of a particular credit, group of credits or
entire sub-portfolios. We also assess risk for
particular industries, geographic locations such as
states or Metropolitan Statistical Areas and specific
macroeconomic trends.

LOAN PORTFOLIO CONCENTRATIONS  

Loan concentrations may exist when there are
borrowers engaged in similar activities or types of
loans extended to a diverse group of borrowers that
could cause those borrowers or portfolios to be
similarly impacted by economic or other conditions.

The concentrations of real estate 1-4 family
mortgage loans by state are presented in Table 12. Our
real estate 1-4 family mortgage loans to borrowers in
the state of California represented approximately 13%
of total loans at December 31, 2007, compared with 11%
at the end of 2006. These loans are mostly within
several metropolitan areas in California, with no
single area consisting of more than 3% of total loans.
Changes in real estate values and underlying economic
or market conditions for these areas are monitored
continuously within the credit risk management
process. In 2007, the residential real estate markets
experienced significant declines in property values,
and several markets in California, specifically the
Central Valley and several Southern California
metropolitan statistical areas, experienced more
severe value adjustments.

Some of our real estate 1-4
family mortgage loans, including first mortgage and
home equity products, include an interest-only feature
as part of the loan terms. At December 31, 2007, these
loans were approximately 20% of total loans, compared
with 19% at the end of 2006. Substantially all of
these loans are considered to be prime or near prime.
We do not make or purchase option ARMs or negative
amortizing mortgage loans. We have minimal ARM reset
risk across our owned mortgage loan portfolios.

The deterioration in specific segments of the
National Home Equity Group (Home Equity) portfolio
required a targeted approach to managing these assets.
A liquidating portfolio, consisting of all home equity
loans generated through the wholesale channel not
behind a Wells Fargo first mortgage, and all home
equity loans acquired through correspondents was
identified. While the $11.9 billion of loans in this
liquidating portfolio represented about 3% of total
loans outstanding at
December 31, 2007, these loans represented the
highest risk in the $84.2 billion Home Equity
portfolio, with a loss rate of 4.80% (December 2007,
annualized) compared with 0.86% for the remaining
portfolio. The loans in the liquidating portfolio are
largely concentrated in geographic markets that have
experienced the most abrupt and steepest declines in
housing prices. The remaining portfolio consists of
$72.3 billion of loans in the Home Equity portfolio at
December 31, 2007, of which $70.9 billion were
originated through the retail channel, with
approximately $11.4 billion of these retail
originations in a first lien position. Retail
originations in a second lien position included
approximately $38.1 billion behind a Wells Fargo first
mortgage. Table 13 includes the credit attributes of
these two portfolios.

(1) 
       
     Combined loan-to-value ratio greater than 90%
based primarily on automated appraisal updates as of
September 30, 2007. 

55 

For purposes of portfolio risk management, we
aggregate commercial loans and lease financing
according to market segmentation and standard industry
codes. Commercial loans and lease financing are
presented by industry in Table 14. These groupings
contain a highly diverse mix of customer relationships
throughout our target markets. Loan types and product
offerings are carefully underwritten and monitored.
Credit policies incorporate specific industry risks.

* 
       
     Less than 1%. 

(1) 
       
     Includes loans to lessors, appraisers, property
managers, real estate agents and brokers. 

(2) 
       
     No other single category had loans in excess of $2,748 million. 

Other real estate mortgages and real estate
construction loans that are diversified in terms of
both the state where the property is located and by
the type of property securing the loans are presented
in Table 15. The composition of these portfolios was
stable throughout 2007 and the distribution is
consistent with our target markets and focus on
customer relationships. Approximately 28% of other
real estate and construction loans are loans to
owner-occupants where more than 50% of the property is
used in the conduct of their business. The largest
group of loans in any one state is 5% of total loans
and the largest group of loans secured by one type of
property is 3% of total loans.

56 

NONACCRUAL LOANS AND OTHER ASSETS  

Table 16 shows the five-year trend for nonaccrual
loans and other assets. We generally place loans on
nonaccrual status when:

the full and timely
collection of interest or principal
becomes uncertain;  

they are 90 days (120 days with
respect to real estate 1-4 family first and junior
lien mortgages and auto loans) past due for interest
or principal (unless both well-secured and in the
process of collection); or  

part of the principal
balance has been charged off.  

Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies) to Financial Statements describes our
accounting policy for nonaccrual loans.

Nonperforming loans increased $1.0 billion in
2007 from 2006, with the majority of the increase in
the real estate 1-4 family first mortgage loan
portfolio (including $209 million in Home Mortgage and
$343 million in Wells Fargo Financial real estate) due
to the deteriorating conditions in the residential
real estate market and the national rise in mortgage
default rates. Additionally, a portion of the increase
related to loan growth. The increase in the commercial
and commercial real estate portfolios was influenced
by

the deterioration of credits related to the
residential real estate and construction industries.
In addition, due to illiquid market conditions, we are
now holding more foreclosed properties than we have
historically. As a result, other foreclosed asset
balances increased $226 million in 2007 (including
$128 million from Home Equity and $52 million in Wells
Fargo Financial real estate).

We expect that the amount of nonaccrual loans
will change due to portfolio growth, portfolio
seasoning, routine problem loan recognition and
resolution through collections, sales or charge-offs.
The performance of any one loan can be affected by
external factors, such as economic or market
conditions, or factors particular to a borrower, such
as actions of a borrower s management.

If interest due
on the book balances of all nonaccrual loans
(including loans that were but are no longer on
nonaccrual at year end) had been accrued under the
original terms, approximately $165 million of interest
would have been recorded in 2007, compared with
payments of $47 million recorded as interest income.

Substantially all of the foreclosed assets at December
31, 2007, have been in the portfolio one year or less.

(1) 
       
     Includes nonaccrual mortgages held for sale. 

(2) 
       
     Includes impaired loans of $469 million, $230 million, $190 million, $309 million and $629
million at December 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. (See Note 1 (Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies) and Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial
Statements for further discussion of impaired loans.) 

(3) 
       
     Due to a change in regulatory reporting
requirements effective January 1, 2006, foreclosed real estate securing GNMA loans has been
classified as nonperforming. Both principal and interest for GNMA loans secured by the foreclosed
real estate are collectible because the GNMA loans are insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the
Department of Veterans Affairs. 

(4) 
       
     Includes real estate investments (contingent interest loans accounted for as investments) that
would be classified as nonaccrual if these assets were recorded as loans. 

57 

LOANS 90 DAYS OR MORE PAST DUE AND STILL ACCRUING  

Loans included in this category are 90 days or
more past due as to interest or principal and still
accruing, because they are (1) well-secured and in the
process of collection or (2) real estate 1-4 family
first mortgage loans or consumer loans exempt under
regulatory rules from being classified as nonaccrual.

The total of loans 90 days or more past due and
still accruing was $6,393 million, $5,073 million,
$3,606 million, $2,578 million and $2,337 million at
December 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003,
respectively. The total included $4,834 million,
$3,913 million, $2,923 million, $1,820 million and
$1,641 million for the same periods, respectively, in
advances pursuant to our servicing agreements to GNMA
mortgage pools whose repayments are insured by the FHA
or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Table 17 reflects loans 90 days or more past due and
still accruing excluding the insured/guaranteed GNMA
advances.

(1) 
       
     Includes mortgage loans held for sale 90 days or more past due and still accruing. 

ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES  

The allowance for credit losses, which consists of
the allowance for loan losses and the reserve for
unfunded credit commitments, is management s estimate
of credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the
balance sheet date. We assume that our allowance for
credit losses as a percentage of charge-offs and
nonaccrual loans will change at different points in
time based on credit performance, loan mix and
collateral values. Any loan with past due principal or
interest that is not both well-secured and in the
process of collection generally is charged off (to the
extent that it exceeds the fair value of any related
collateral) based on loan category after a defined
period of time. Also, a loan is charged off when
clas-

sified as a loss by either internal loan examiners
or regulatory examiners. The detail of the changes in
the allowance for credit losses, including charge-offs
and recoveries by loan category, is in Note 6 (Loans
and Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial
Statements.

At December 31, 2007, the allowance for loan
losses was $5.31 billion (1.39% of total loans),
compared with $3.76 billion (1.18%), at December 31,
2006. The allowance for credit losses was $5.52
billion (1.44% of total loans) at December 31, 2007,
and $3.96 billion (1.24%) at December 31, 2006. These
ratios fluctuate from period to period and the
increase in the ratios of the allowance for loan
losses and the allowance for credit losses to total
loans in 2007 was primarily due to the $1.4 billion
credit reserve build in 2007. Until 2007 we had
historically experienced the lowest charge-offs on our
residential real estate secured consumer loan
portfolio. In 2007, net charge-offs in the Home Equity
portfolio increased due to a severe decline in housing
prices in several of our major geographic markets. The
increased level of loss content in the Home Equity
portfolio was the primary driver of the $1.4 billion
increase to the allowance for loan losses. The reserve
for unfunded credit commitments was $211 million at
December 31, 2007, and $200 million at December 31,
2006.

The ratio of the allowance for credit losses to
total nonaccrual loans was 206% and 238% at December
31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. This ratio may
fluctuate significantly from period to period due to
such factors as the mix of loan types in the
portfolio, borrower credit strength and the value and
marketability of collateral. Over half of nonaccrual
loans were home mortgages, auto and other consumer
loans at December 31, 2007. Nonaccrual loans are
generally written down to fair value less cost to sell
at the time they are placed on nonaccrual and
accounted for on a cost recovery basis.

The provision
for credit losses totaled $4.94 billion in 2007, $2.20
billion in 2006 and $2.38 billion in 2005. In 2007,
the provision included $1.4 billion in excess of net
charge-offs, which was our estimate of the increase in
incurred losses in our loan portfolio at year-end
2007, primarily related to the Home Equity portfolio.

Net charge-offs in 2007 were 1.03% of average
total loans, compared with 0.73% in 2006 and 0.77% in
2005. Net charge-offs for 2007 in the Home Equity
portfolio were $595 million (0.73% of average loans),
a $485 million increase from $110 million (0.14%) for
2006. The increase was primarily due to loans in
geographic markets that have experienced the most
abrupt and steepest declines in housing prices.
Because the majority of the Home Equity net
charge-offs were concentrated in the indirect or third
party origination channels, which have a higher
percentage of 90% or greater combined loan-to-value
portfolios, we have discontinued third party
activities not behind a Wells Fargo first mortgage and
segregated these loans into a liquidating portfolio.
As previously disclosed, while the $11.9 billion of
loans in this liquidating portfolio represented about
3% of total loans outstanding at December 31, 2007,
these loans represent the highest risk in our $84.2
billion Home Equity portfolio. The loans in the
liquidating portfolio were primarily 

58 

sourced through
wholesale (brokers) and correspondents. Our real
estate 1-4 family first mortgage portfolio continued
to perform well, with net charge-offs of $87 million
(0.14% of average loans) for 2007, up from $77 million
(0.13%) for 2006.

Because of our responsible lending and risk
management practices, we have not faced many of the
issues others have in the mortgage industry. We do not
make or purchase any negative amortizing mortgages,
including option ARMs. We
have minimal ARM reset risk across our owned loan
portfolios. While our disciplined underwriting
standards have resulted in first mortgage
delinquencies below industry levels, we continued to
tighten our underwriting standards in the last half of
2007. Home Mortgage closed its nonprime wholesale
channel early in third quarter, after closing its
nonprime correspondent channel in second quarter 2007.
Rates were increased for nonconforming mortgage loans
during third quarter reflecting the reduced liquidity
in the capital markets.

Credit quality in Wells Fargo
Financial s real estate-secured lending business has
not experienced the level of credit degradation that
many nonprime lenders have because of our disciplined
underwriting practices. Wells Fargo Financial does not
use brokers or correspondents in its U.S. debt
consolidation business. We endeavor to ensure that
there is a tangible benefit to the borrower before we
make a loan. The recent guidance issued by the federal
financial regulatory agencies in June 2007,  Statement
on Subprime Mortgage Lending , which addresses issues
relating to certain ARM products, will not have a
significant impact on Wells Fargo Financial s
operations, since many of those guidelines have long
been part of our normal business practices.

Higher net charge-offs in non-real estate
consumer loans (credit card and other revolving credit
and installment) were primarily due to increases in
the indirect auto portfolio, with auto net charge-offs
for 2007 up $164 million from 2006. The increase in
all other consumer portfolios, including credit cards,
was due to an overall weakening in the economy.

Credit performance in the commercial and commercial real
estate portfolio remained strong, with net charge-offs
of $536 million (0.40% of average loans), compared
with $297

million (0.26%) in 2006. As is typical, the
vast majority of these charge-offs came from loans
originated through our business direct channel.
Business direct consists primarily of unsecured lines
of credit to small firms and properties that tend to
perform in a manner similar to credit cards. Because
of our Wholesale Banking business model, focused
primarily on business customers, we do not actively
participate in certain higher-risk activities. Our
capital market business was largely not impacted by
the credit crunch or market dislocations in 2007,
including industry problem areas of CDOs, CLOs and SIVs. On the investment side
of this business, we operate within disciplined credit
standards and regularly monitor and manage our
securities portfolios. From an underwriting
standpoint, we have not participated in a significant
way in any of the large leveraged buyouts that were
 covenant lite  and we have minimal direct exposure to
hedge funds. Similarly, we have not made a market in
subprime securities. Leveraged-buyout-related
outstandings are diversified by business and borrower
and totaled less than 2% of total Wells Fargo loans.
Our residential real estate development portfolio of
approximately $6 billion, or 2% of total loans,
continued to perform in a satisfactory manner.

Table 18 presents the allocation of the allowance
for credit losses by type of loans. The $1.55 billion
increase in the allowance for credit losses from
year-end 2006 to year-end 2007 was due to actions
taken in 2007 primarily related to the Home
Equity portfolio and approximately $100 million
acquired from bank acquisitions. The decrease of $93
million in the allowance for credit losses from
year-end 2005 to year-end 2006 was primarily due to
the release of the remaining portion of the provision
made for Hurricane Katrina in 2005. Changes in the
allowance reflect changes in statistically derived
loss estimates, historical loss experience, current
trends in borrower risk and/or general economic
activity on portfolio performance, and management s
estimate for imprecision and uncertainty. Effective
December 31, 2006, the entire allowance was assigned
to individual portfolio types to better reflect our
view of risk in these portfolios. The allowance for
credit losses includes a combination of baseline loss
estimates and a range of imprecision or uncertainty
specific to each portfolio segment previously
categorized as unallocated in prior years.

59 

We consider the allowance for credit losses
of $5.52 billion adequate to cover credit losses
inherent in the loan portfolio, including unfunded
credit commitments, at December 31, 2007. Given that
the majority of our loan portfolio is consumer loans,
for which losses tend to emerge within a relatively
short, predictable timeframe, and that a significant
portion of the allowance for credit losses is related
to estimated credit losses associated with consumer
loans, management believes that the provision for
credit losses for consumer loans, absent any
significant credit event, severe decrease in
collateral values, significant acceleration of losses
or significant change in payment behavior, will
closely track the level of related net charge-offs. In
2007, due to further deterioration in the outlook for
the housing market, we recorded a credit reserve build,
primarily for higher loss content that we estimated in
the Home Equity portfolio. The process for determining
the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses is
critical to our financial results. It requires
difficult, subjective and complex judgments, as a
result of the need to make estimates about the effect
of matters that are uncertain. (See  Financial
Review   Critical Accounting Policies   Allowance for
Credit Losses. ) Therefore, we cannot provide
assurance that, in any particular period, we will not
have sizeable credit losses in relation to the amount
reserved. We may need to significantly
adjust the allowance for credit losses,
considering current factors at the time, including
economic or market conditions and ongoing internal and
external examination processes. Our process for
determining the adequacy of the allowance for credit
losses is discussed in  Financial Review   Critical
Accounting Policies   Allowance for Credit Losses 
and Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses) to
Financial Statements.

Asset/Liability and Market Risk Management  

Asset/liability management involves the
evaluation, monitoring and management of interest
rate risk, market risk, liquidity

and funding. The
Corporate Asset/Liability Management Committee
(Corporate ALCO) which oversees these risks and
reports periodically to the Finance Committee of the
Board of Directors consists of senior financial and
business executives. Each of our principal business
groups has individual asset/liability management
committees and processes linked to the Corporate ALCO
process.

INTEREST RATE RISK  

Interest rate risk, which potentially can have a
significant earnings impact, is an integral part of
being a financial intermediary. We are subject to
interest rate risk because:

assets and liabilities
may mature or reprice at different times (for example,
if assets reprice faster than liabilities and interest
rates are generally falling, earnings will initially
decline);  

assets and liabilities may reprice at the
same time but by different amounts (for example, when
the general level of interest rates is falling, we may
reduce rates paid on checking and savings deposit
accounts by an amount that is less than the general
decline in market interest rates);  

short-term and
long-term market interest rates may change by
different amounts (for example, the shape of the yield
curve may affect new loan yields and funding costs
differently); or  

the remaining maturity of various
assets or liabilities may shorten or lengthen as
interest rates change (for example, if long-term
mortgage interest rates decline sharply,
mortgage-backed securities held in the securities
available-for-sale portfolio may prepay significantly
earlier than anticipated which could reduce portfolio
income).  

Interest rates may also have a direct or indirect
effect on loan demand, credit losses, mortgage
origination volume, the fair value of MSRs and other
financial instruments, the value of the pension
liability and other items affecting earnings.

60 

We assess interest rate risk by comparing our
most likely earnings plan with various earnings
simulations using many interest rate scenarios that
differ in the direction of interest rate changes, the
degree of change over time, the speed of change and
the projected shape of the yield curve. For example,
as of December 31, 2007, our most recent simulation
indicated estimated earnings at risk of approximately
4% of our most likely earnings plan over the next 12
months using a scenario in which the federal funds
rate rises 175 basis points to 6% and the 10-year
Constant Maturity Treasury bond yield rises 300 basis
points to 7%. Simulation estimates depend on, and will
change with, the size and mix of our actual and
projected balance sheet at the time of each
simulation. Due to timing differences between the
quarterly valuation of MSRs and the eventual impact of
interest rates on mortgage banking volumes, earnings
at risk in any particular quarter could be higher than
the average earnings at risk over the 12-month
simulation period, depending on the path of interest
rates and on our hedging strategies for MSRs. See
 Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and Market Risk 
below.

We use exchange-traded and over-the-counter
interest rate derivatives to hedge our interest rate
exposures. The notional or contractual
amount, credit risk amount and estimated net fair
value of these derivatives as of December 31, 2007 and
2006, are presented in Note 16 (Derivatives) to
Financial Statements. We use derivatives for
asset/liability management in three main ways:

to convert a major portion of our long-term fixed-rate
debt, which we issue to finance the Company, from
fixed-rate payments to floating-rate payments by
entering into receive-fixed swaps;  

to convert the cash flows from selected asset and/or liability
instruments/portfolios from fixed-rate payments to
floating-rate payments or vice versa; and  

to hedge our mortgage origination pipeline, funded mortgage
loans and MSRs using interest rate swaps, swaptions,
futures, forwards and options.  

MORTGAGE BANKING INTEREST RATE AND MARKET RISK  

We originate, fund and service mortgage loans,
which subjects us to various risks, including credit,
liquidity and interest rate risks. We reduce unwanted
credit and liquidity risks by selling or securitizing
predominantly all of the long-term fixed-rate
mortgage loans we originate and most of the ARMs we
originate. From time to time, we hold originated ARMs
in our loan portfolio as an investment for our
growing base of core deposits. We determine whether
the loans will be held for investment or held for
sale at the time of commitment. We may subsequently
change our intent to hold loans for investment and
sell some or all of our ARMs as part of our corporate
asset/liability management. We may also acquire and
add to our securities available for sale a portion of
the securities issued at the time we securitize
mortgages held for sale.

2007 was a challenging year for the financial
services industry with the downturn in the national
housing market, deterioration in the capital markets,
widening credit spreads and increases in market
volatility, in addition to changes in

interest rates
discussed in the following sections.
Notwithstanding the sharp downturn in the housing
sector, the widening of nonconforming credit spreads
and the lack of liquidity in the nonconforming
secondary markets, our mortgage banking revenue grew,
reflecting the complementary origination and
servicing strengths of the business. The secondary
market for agency-conforming mortgages functioned
well for most of the year. However, secondary market
spreads widened during the second half of 2007. The
mortgage warehouse and pipeline, which predominantly
consists of prime mortgage loans, was written down by
$479 million in 2007 to reflect the unusual widening
in nonconforming and conforming agency market
spreads. In addition to the write-down associated
with the mortgage warehouse and pipeline, we further
reduced mortgage origination gains by $324 million
primarily to reflect a write-down of mortgage loans
repurchased during the year, as well as an increase
to the repurchase reserve for projected early payment
defaults.

Interest rate and market risk can be substantial
in the mortgage business. Changes in interest rates
may potentially impact total origination and
servicing fees, the value of our residential MSRs
measured at fair value, the value of MHFS and the
associated income and loss reflected in mortgage
banking noninterest income, the income and expense
associated with instruments (economic hedges) used to
hedge changes in the fair value of MSRs and MHFS, and
the value of derivative loan commitments (interest
rate  locks ) extended to mortgage applicants.

Interest rates impact the amount and timing of
origination and servicing fees because consumer demand
for new mortgages and the level of refinancing
activity are sensitive to changes in
mortgage interest rates. Typically, a decline in
mortgage interest rates will lead to an increase in
mortgage originations and fees and may also lead to an
increase in servicing fee income, depending on the
level of new loans added to the servicing portfolio
and prepayments. Given the time it takes for consumer
behavior to fully react to interest rate changes, as
well as the time required for processing a new
application, providing the commitment, and
securitizing and selling the loan, interest rate
changes will impact origination and servicing fees
with a lag. The amount and timing of the impact on
origination and servicing fees will depend on the
magnitude, speed and duration of the change in
interest rates.

Under FAS 159, which we adopted January 1, 2007,
we elected to measure MHFS at fair value
prospectively for new prime MHFS originations for
which an active secondary market and readily
available market prices currently exist to reliably
support fair value pricing models used for these
loans. We also elected to measure at fair value
certain of our other interests held related to
residential loan sales and securitizations. We
believe that the election for new prime MHFS and
other interests held (which are now hedged with
free-standing derivatives (economic hedges) along
with our MSRs) will reduce certain timing differences
and better match changes in the value of these assets
with changes in the value of derivatives used as
economic hedges for these assets. Loan origination
fees are recorded when earned, and related direct
loan origination costs and fees are recognized when
incurred.

61 

Under FAS 156, which we adopted January 1, 2006,
we elected to use the fair value measurement method
to initially measure and carry our residential MSRs,
which represent substantially all of our MSRs. Under
this method, the MSRs are recorded at fair value at
the time we sell or securitize the related mortgage
loans. The carrying value of MSRs reflects changes in
fair value at the end of each quarter and changes are
included in net servicing income, a component of
mortgage banking noninterest income. If the fair
value of the MSRs increases, income is recognized; if
the fair value of the MSRs decreases, a loss is
recognized. We use a dynamic and sophisticated model
to estimate the fair value of our MSRs and
periodically benchmark our estimates to independent
appraisals. While the valuation of MSRs can be highly
subjective and involve complex judgments by
management about matters that are inherently
unpredictable, changes in interest rates influence a
variety of significant assumptions included in the
periodic valuation of MSRs. Assumptions affected
include prepayment speed, expected returns and
potential risks on the servicing asset portfolio, the
value of escrow balances and other servicing
valuation elements impacted by interest rates.

A decline in interest rates generally increases
the propensity for refinancing, reduces the expected
duration of the servicing portfolio and therefore
reduces the estimated fair value of MSRs. This
reduction in fair value causes a charge to income (net
of any gains on free-standing derivatives (economic
hedges) used to hedge MSRs). We may choose to not
fully hedge all of the potential decline in the value
of our MSRs resulting from a decline in interest rates
because the potential increase in
origination/servicing fees in that scenario provides a
partial  natural business hedge.  In 2007, the
decrease in the fair value of our MSRs net of the
gains on free-standing derivatives used to hedge the
MSRs increased income by $583 million.

Hedging the various sources of interest rate
risk in mortgage banking is a complex process that
requires sophisticated
modeling and constant monitoring. While we
attempt to balance these various aspects of the
mortgage business, there are several potential risks
to earnings:

MSRs valuation changes associated with interest
rate changes are recorded in earnings immediately
within the accounting period in which those
interest rate changes occur, whereas the impact
of those same changes in interest rates on
origination and servicing fees occur with a lag
and over time. Thus, the mortgage business could
be protected from adverse changes in interest
rates over a period of time on a cumulative basis
but still display large variations in income from
one accounting period to the next.  

The degree to which the  natural business
hedge  offsets changes in MSRs valuations is
imperfect, varies at different points in the
interest rate cycle, and depends not just on the
direction of interest rates but on the pattern
of quarterly interest rate changes.  

Origination volumes, the valuation of MSRs and
hedging results and associated costs are also
impacted by many factors. Such factors include
the mix of new business between ARMs and
fixed-rated mortgages, the relation-  

ship between
short-term and long-term interest rates, the
degree of volatility in interest rates, the
relationship between mortgage interest rates and
other interest rate markets, and other interest
rate factors. Many of these factors are hard to
predict and we may not be able to directly or
perfectly hedge their effect.  

While our hedging activities are designed to
balance our mortgage banking interest rate
risks, the financial instruments we use may not
perfectly correlate with the values and income
being hedged. For example, the change in the
value of ARMs production held for sale from
changes in mortgage interest rates may or may
not be fully offset by Treasury and LIBOR
index-based financial instruments used as
economic hedges for such ARMs.  

The total carrying value of our residential and
commercial MSRs was $17.2 billion at December 31,
2007, and $18.0 billion at December 31, 2006. The
weighted-average note rate on the owned servicing
portfolio was 6.01% at December 31, 2007, and 5.92% at
December 31, 2006. Our total MSRs were 1.20% of
mortgage loans serviced for others at December 31,
2007, compared with 1.41% at December 31, 2006.

As part of our mortgage banking activities, we
enter into commitments to fund residential mortgage
loans at specified times in the future. A mortgage
loan commitment is an interest rate lock that binds us
to lend funds to a potential borrower at a specified
interest rate and within a specified period of time,
generally up to 60 days after inception of the rate
lock. These loan commitments are derivative loan
commitments if the loans that will result from the
exercise of the commitments will be held for sale.
These derivative loan commitments are recognized at
fair value in the balance sheet with changes in their
fair values recorded as part of mortgage banking
noninterest income. We record no value for the loan
commitment at inception. Subsequent to inception, we
recognize the fair value of the derivative loan
commitment based on estimated changes in the fair
value of the underlying loan that would result from
the exercise of that commitment and on changes in the
probability that the loan will not fund within the
terms of the commitment (referred to as a fall-out
factor). The value of the underlying loan is affected
primarily by changes in interest rates and the passage
of time.

Outstanding derivative loan commitments
expose us to the risk that the price of the mortgage
loans underlying the commitments might decline due to
increases in mortgage interest rates from inception of the
rate lock to the funding of the loan. To minimize this
risk, we utilize forwards and options, Eurodollar
futures, and Treasury futures, forwards and options
contracts as economic hedges against the potential
decreases in the values of the loans. We expect that
these derivative financial instruments will experience
changes in fair value that will either fully or
partially offset the changes in fair value of the
derivative loan commitments. However, changes in
investor demand, such as concerns about credit risk,
can also cause changes in the spread relationships
between underlying loan value and the derivative
financial instruments that cannot be hedged.

62 

MARKET RISK   TRADING ACTIVITIES  

From a market risk perspective, our net income is
exposed to changes in interest rates, credit spreads,
foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices
and their implied volatilities. The primary purpose of
our trading businesses is to accommodate customers in
the management of their market price risks. Also, we
take positions based on market expectations or to
benefit from price differences between financial
instruments and markets, subject to risk limits
established and monitored by Corporate ALCO. All
securities, foreign exchange transactions, commodity
transactions and derivatives used in our trading
businesses are carried at fair value. The
Institutional Risk Committee establishes and monitors
counterparty risk limits. The notional or contractual
amount, credit risk amount and estimated net fair
value of all customer accommodation derivatives at
December 31, 2007 and 2006, are included in Note 16
(Derivatives) to Financial Statements. Open,  at risk 
positions for all trading business are monitored by
Corporate ALCO.

The standardized approach for monitoring and
reporting market risk for the trading activities is
the value-at-risk (VAR) metrics complemented with
factor analysis and stress testing. VAR measures the
worst expected loss over a given time interval and
within a given confidence interval. We measure and
report daily VAR at a 99% confidence interval based on
actual changes in rates and prices over the past 250
trading days. The analysis captures all financial
instruments that are considered trading positions. The
average one-day VAR throughout 2007 was $18 million,
with a lower bound of $9 million and an upper bound of
$93 million.

MARKET RISK   EQUITY MARKETS  

We are directly and indirectly affected by changes
in the equity markets. We make and manage direct
equity investments in start-up businesses, emerging
growth companies, management buy-outs, acquisitions
and corporate recapitalizations. We also invest in
non-affiliated funds that make similar private equity
investments. These private equity investments are made
within capital allocations approved by management and
the Board of Directors (the Board). The Board s policy
is to review business developments, key risks and
historical returns for the private equity investment
portfolio at least annually. Management reviews these
investments at least quarterly and assesses them for
possible other-than-temporary impairment. For
nonmarketable investments, the analysis is based on
facts and circumstances of each individual investment
and the expectations for that investment s cash flows
and capital needs, the viability of its business model
and our exit strategy. Private equity investments
totaled $2.02 billion at December 31, 2007, and $1.67
billion at December 31, 2006.

We also have marketable
equity securities in the securities available-for-sale
portfolio, including securities relating to our
venture capital activities. We manage these
investments within capital risk limits approved by
management and the Board and monitored by Corporate
ALCO. Gains and losses on these securities are
recognized in net income when realized and
other-than-temporary impairment may be periodically
recorded when identified. The initial indicator of

impairment for marketable equity securities is a
sustained decline in market price below the amount
recorded for that investment. We consider a variety of
factors, such as: the length of time and the extent to
which the market value has been less than cost; the
issuer s financial condition, capital strength, and
near-term prospects; any recent events specific to
that issuer and economic conditions of its industry;
and our investment horizon in relationship to an
anticipated near-term recovery in the stock price, if
any. The fair value of marketable equity securities
was $2.78 billion and cost was $2.88 billion at
December 31, 2007, and $796 million and $592 million,
respectively, at December 31, 2006. The increase in
marketable equity securities was primarily due to our
adoption of Topic D-109 effective July 1, 2007, which
resulted in the transfer of approximately $1.2 billion
of securities, consisting of investments in preferred
stock callable by the issuer, from trading assets to
securities available for sale.

Changes in equity market prices may also
indirectly affect our net income by affecting (1) the
value of third party assets under management and,
hence, fee income, (2) particular borrowers, whose
ability to repay principal and/or interest may be
affected by the stock market, or (3) brokerage
activity, related commission income and other business
activities. Each business line monitors and manages
these indirect risks.

LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING  

The objective of effective liquidity management
is to ensure that we can meet customer loan requests,
customer deposit maturities/withdrawals and other
cash commitments efficiently under both normal
operating conditions and under unpredictable
circumstances of industry or market stress. To
achieve this objective, Corporate ALCO establishes
and monitors liquidity guidelines that require
sufficient asset-based liquidity to cover potential
funding requirements and to avoid over-dependence on
volatile, less reliable funding markets. We set these
guidelines for both the consolidated balance sheet
and for the Parent to ensure that the Parent is a
source of strength for its regulated, deposit-taking
banking subsidiaries.

Debt securities in the securities
available-for-sale portfolio provide asset liquidity,
in addition to the immediately liquid resources of
cash and due from banks and federal funds sold,
securities purchased under resale agreements and other
short-term investments. The weighted-average expected
remaining maturity of the debt securities within this
portfolio was 5.9 years at December 31, 2007. Of the
$69.4 billion (cost basis) of debt securities in this
portfolio at December 31, 2007, $12.0 billion (17%) is
expected to mature or be prepaid in 2008 and an
additional $7.8 billion (11%) in 2009. Asset liquidity
is further enhanced by our ability to sell or
securitize loans in secondary markets through
whole-loan sales and securitizations. In 2007, we sold
mortgage loans of $224 billion, including home
mortgage loans and commercial mortgage loans of $48
billion that we securitized. The amount of mortgage
loans, home equity loans and other consumer loans
available to be sold or securitized was approximately
$160 billion at December 31, 2007.

63 

Core customer deposits have historically
provided a sizeable source of relatively stable and
low-cost funds. Average core deposits funded 58.2%
and 55.3% of average total assets in 2007 and 2006,
respectively.

The remaining assets were funded by long-term
debt (including trust preferred securities), other
foreign deposits, and short-term borrowings (federal
funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase
agreements, commercial paper and other short-term
borrowings). Long-term debt averaged $93.2 billion in
2007 and $84.0 billion in 2006. Short-term borrowings
averaged $25.9 billion in 2007 and $21.5 billion in
2006.

We anticipate making capital expenditures of
approximately $1 billion in 2008 for our stores,
relocation and remodeling of our facilities, and
routine replacement of furniture, equipment and
servers. We fund expenditures from various sources,
including cash flows from operations and borrowings.

Liquidity is also available through our ability
to raise funds in a variety of domestic and
international money and capital markets. We access
capital markets for long-term funding by issuing
registered debt, private placements and asset-backed
secured funding. Rating agencies base their ratings on
many quantitative and qualitative factors, including
capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business
mix and level and quality of earnings. Material
changes in these factors could result in a different
debt rating; however, a change in debt rating would
not cause us to violate any of our debt covenants.
Moody s Investors Service rates Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
as  Aaa,  its highest investment grade, and rates the
Company s senior debt as  Aa1.  In February 2007,
Standard   Poor s Ratings Services raised Wells Fargo
Bank, N.A. s credit rating to  AAA  from  AA ,  and
raised the Company s senior debt rating to  AA   from
 AA.  Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. is now the only U.S. bank
to have the highest possible credit rating from both
Moody s and S P.

Table 19 provides the credit ratings of the
Company and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. as of December 31,
2007.

Table 19:  Credit Ratings 

Wells Fargo   Company 
       
     Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

Senior 
       
     Subord 
     - 
     Commer 
     -    
     Long 
     - 
     Short 
     - 

debt 
       
     inated 
       
     cial 
       
     term 
       
     term 

debt 
       
     paper 
       
     deposits 
       
     borrow 
     - 

ings 

Moody s

Aa1 
       
     Aa2 

P-1 
       
     Aaa 

P-1 

S P

AA 
       
     AA 

A-1 
       
     AAA 

A-1 

Fitch, Inc.

AA 
       
     AA 
     - 

F1 

AA 

F1 

Dominion Bond Rating Service

AA 
       
     AA 
      *  

R-1 

       **  

     AA 
      ***  
       
     R-1 
       ***  

* low   ** middle   *** high

PARENT.   Under SEC rules, the Parent is
classified as a  well-known seasoned issuer,  which
allows it to file a registration statement that does
not have a limit on issuance capacity.  Well-known
seasoned issuers  generally include those companies
with a public float of common equity of at least $700

million or those companies that have issued at
least $1 billion in aggregate principal amount of
non-convertible securities, other than common equity,
in the last three years. In June 2006, the Parent s
registration statement with the SEC for issuance of
senior and subordinated notes, preferred stock and
other securities became effective. However, the
Parent s ability to issue debt and other securities
under this registration statement is limited by the
debt issuance authority granted by the Board. The
Parent is currently authorized by the Board to issue
$30 billion in outstanding short-term debt and $105
billion in outstanding long-term debt, subject to a
total outstanding debt limit of $135 billion. During
2007, the Parent issued a total of $21.6 billion of
registered senior notes, including $1.5 billion
(denominated in pounds sterling) sold primarily in the
United Kingdom. The Parent also issued $1 billion in
junior subordinated debt in connection with the
issuance of trust preferred securities by a statutory
business trust formed by the Parent. Also, in 2007,
the Parent issued $413 million in private placements
(denominated in Australian dollars) under the Parent s
Australian debt issuance program. We used the proceeds
from securities issued in 2007 for
general corporate purposes and expect that the
proceeds in the future will also be used for general
corporate purposes. In January 2008, the Parent issued
$5.5 billion of registered senior notes. The Parent
also issues commercial paper from time to time,
subject to its short-term debt limit.

WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.   Wells Fargo Bank,
N.A. is authorized by its board of directors to issue
$50 billion in outstanding short-term debt and $50
billion in outstanding long-term debt. In December
2007, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. established a $100
billion bank note program under which, subject to any
other debt outstanding under the limits described
above, it may issue $50 billion in outstanding
short-term senior notes and $50 billion in long-term
senior or subordinated notes. Securities are issued
under this program as private placements in accordance
with Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
regulations. During 2007, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
issued $26.1 billion in short-term senior notes.

WELLS FARGO FINANCIAL.   In January 2006, Wells Fargo
Financial Canada Corporation (WFFCC), an indirect
wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary of the Parent,
qualified with the Canadian provincial securities
commissions CAD$7.0 billion of medium-term notes for
distribution from time to time in Canada. During 2007,
WFFCC issued CAD$1.4 billion in senior notes under its
2006 short form base shelf prospectus, which expired
in February 2008. In February 2008, WFFCC filed a new
short form base shelf prospectus qualifying an
additional CAD$7.0 billion of issuance authority and
issued CAD$500 million of medium-term notes, leaving
CAD$6.5 billion available for future issuance. All
medium-term notes issued by WFFCC are unconditionally
guaranteed by the Parent.

64 

Capital Management

We have an active program for managing
stockholder capital. We use capital to fund organic
growth, acquire banks and other financial services
companies, pay dividends and repurchase our shares.
Our objective is to produce above-market long-term
returns by opportunistically using capital when
returns are perceived to be high and
issuing/accumulating capital when the costs of doing
so are perceived to be low.

From time to time the Board of Directors
authorizes the Company to repurchase shares of our
common stock. Although we announce when the Board
authorizes share repurchases, we typically do not give
any public notice before we repurchase our shares.
Various factors determine the amount and timing of our
share repurchases, including our capital requirements,
the number of shares we expect to issue for
acquisitions and employee benefit plans, market
conditions (including the trading price of our stock),
and legal considerations. These factors can change at
any time, and there can be no assurance as to the
number of shares we will repurchase or when we will
repurchase them.

Historically, our policy has been to repurchase
shares under the  safe harbor  conditions of Rule
10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
including a limitation on the daily volume of
repurchases. Rule 10b-18 imposes an additional daily
volume limitation on share repurchases during a
pending merger or acquisition in which shares of our
stock will constitute some or all of the
consideration. Our management may determine that
during a pending stock merger or acquisition when the
safe harbor would otherwise be available, it is in
our best interest to repurchase shares in excess of
this additional daily volume limitation. In such
cases, we intend to repurchase shares in compliance
with the

other conditions of the safe harbor, including the
standing daily volume limitation that applies whether
or not there is a pending stock merger or acquisition.

In March, August and November 2007, the Board
authorized the repurchase of up to 75 million, 50
million and 75 million additional shares of our
outstanding common stock, respectively. During 2007,
we repurchased 220 million shares of our common stock.
In 2007, we issued approximately 82 million shares of
common stock (including shares issued for our ESOP
plan) under various employee benefit and director
plans and under our dividend reinvestment and direct
stock purchase programs and approximately 58 million
shares for acquisitions. At December 31, 2007, the
total remaining common stock repurchase authority was
42 million shares.

Our potential sources of capital include retained
earnings and issuances of common and preferred stock.
In 2007, retained earnings increased $3.8 billion,
predominantly as a result of net income of $8.1
billion less dividends of $4.0 billion. In 2007, we
issued $2.3 billion of common stock under various
employee benefit and director plans and $2.1 billion
of common stock for acquisitions.

The Company and each of our subsidiary banks are
subject to various regulatory capital adequacy
requirements administered by the Federal Reserve Board
and the OCC. Risk-based capital guidelines establish a
risk-adjusted ratio relating capital to different
categories of assets and off-balance sheet exposures.
At December 31, 2007, the Company and each of our
covered subsidiary banks were  well capitalized  under
applicable regulatory capital adequacy guidelines. See
Note 26 (Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements)
to Financial Statements for additional information.

Comparison of 2006 with 2005

Net income in 2006 increased 10% to a record
$8.4 billion in 2006 from $7.7 billion in 2005.
Diluted earnings per common share increased 10% to a
record $2.47 in 2006 from $2.25 in 2005.

Our 10% growth in earnings per share was driven
by revenue growth. Revenue grew 8% to a record $35.7
billion in 2006 from $32.9 billion in 2005. The
breadth and depth of our business model resulted in
very strong and balanced growth across product sources
(net interest income up 8%, noninterest income up 9%)
and across businesses (double-digit revenue and/or
profit growth in regional banking, business direct,
wealth management, credit and debit card, corporate
trust, commercial banking, asset-based lending, asset
management, real estate brokerage, insurance,
international, commercial real estate, corporate
banking and specialized financial services).

We continued to make investments in 2006 by
opening 109 regional banking stores and growing our
sales and service

force by adding 4,497 team members (full-time
equivalents) in 2006, including 1,914 retail platform
bankers. In 2006, we continued to be #1 in many
categories of financial services nationally,
including retail mortgage originations, home equity
lending, small business lending, agricultural
lending, internet banking, and provider of financial
services to middle-market companies in the western
U.S.

Our core products grew in 2006 from 2005:

Average loans grew
by 4% (up 14% excluding real estate 1-4 family first
mortgages);   

Average core
deposits grew by 10%; and  

Assets managed and
administered were up 26%.  

Return on average total assets was 1.73% and return on
average stockholders  equity was 19.52% in 2006,
compared with 1.72% and 19.59%, respectively, in 2005.

Net interest income on a taxable-equivalent
basis was $20.1 billion in 2006, compared with
$18.6 billion a year ago, reflecting solid loan growth (excluding ARMs) and
a relatively stable net interest margin. With
short-term interest

65 

rates above 5% at year-end 2006,
our cumulative sales of ARMs and debt securities from
mid-2004 to mid-2006 had a positive impact on our net
interest margin and net interest income. We completed
our sales of over $90 billion of ARMs since mid-2004
with the sales of $26 billion of ARMs in second
quarter 2006. Average earning assets grew 8% from
2005, or 17% excluding 1-4 family
first mortgages (the loan category that includes
ARMs). Our net interest margin was 4.83% for 2006,
compared with 4.86% in 2005.

Noninterest income increased 9% to $15.7
billion in 2006 from $14.4 billion in 2005. Growth
in noninterest income was driven by growth across
our businesses, with particular strength in trust
and investment fees (up 12%), card fees (up 20%),
insurance fees (up 10%) and gains on equity
investments (up 44%).

Revenue, the sum of net interest income and
noninterest income, increased 8% to a record $35.7
billion in 2006 from $32.9 billion in 2005. Home
Mortgage revenue decreased $704 million (15%) to $4.2
billion in 2006 from $4.9 billion in 2005. Combined
revenue in businesses other than Home Mortgage grew
12% from 2005 to 2006, with double-digit revenue
growth in virtually every major business line other
than Home Mortgage.

Noninterest expense was $20.8 billion in 2006, up
10% from $19.0 billion in 2005, primarily due to
continued investments in new stores and additional
sales and service-related team members. We began
expensing stock options on January 1, 2006. Total
stock option expense reduced 2006 earnings by
approximately $0.025 per share.

During 2006, net charge-offs were $2.25 billion
(0.73% of average total loans), compared with $2.28
billion (0.77%) during 2005. Net charge-offs for auto
loans increased $160 million in 2006 partially due to
growth and seasoning, but largely due to collection
capacity constraints and restrictive payment extension
practices that occurred when Wells Fargo

Financial integrated its prime and nonprime auto loan
businesses during 2006. Net charge-offs for 2005
included $171 million of incremental fourth quarter
bankruptcy losses and increased net charge-offs of
$163 million in first quarter 2005 to conform Wells
Fargo Financial s charge-off practices to more
stringent Federal Financial Institutions Examination
Council guidelines. The provision for credit losses
was $2.20 billion in 2006, down $179 million from
$2.38 billion in 2005. The 2005 provision for credit
losses also included $100 million for estimated
charge-offs related to Hurricane Katrina. We
subsequently realized approximately
$50 million of Katrina-related losses. Because we no
longer anticipated further credit losses attributable
to Katrina, we released the remaining $50 million
reserve in 2006. The allowance for credit losses,
which consists of the allowance for loan losses and
the reserve for unfunded credit commitments, was $3.96
billion, or 1.24% of total loans, at December 31,
2006, compared with $4.06 billion (1.31%) at December
31, 2005.

At December 31, 2006, total nonaccrual loans were
$1.67 billion (0.52% of total loans), up from $1.34
billion (0.43%) at December 31, 2005. Total
nonperforming assets were $2.42 billion (0.76% of
total loans) at December 31, 2006, compared with $1.53
billion (0.49%) at December 31, 2005. Foreclosed
assets were $745 million at December 31, 2006,
compared with $191 million at December 31, 2005.
Foreclosed assets, a component of total nonperforming
assets, included an additional $322 million of
foreclosed real estate securing GNMA loans at December
31, 2006, due to a change in regulatory reporting
requirements effective January 1, 2006. The foreclosed
real estate securing GNMA loans of $322 million
represented 10 basis points of the ratio of
non-performing assets to loans at December 31, 2006.

Risk Factors

An investment in the Company has risk. We discuss
below and elsewhere in this Report and in other
documents we file with the SEC various risk factors
that could cause our financial results and condition
to vary significantly from period to period. We refer
you to the Financial Review section and Financial
Statements and related Notes in this Report for more
information about credit, interest rate and market
risks and to the  Regulation and Supervision  section
of our 2007 Form 10-K for more information about
legislative and regulatory risks. Any factor described
below or elsewhere in this Report or in our 2007 Form
10-K could, by itself or together with other factors,
have a material negative effect on our financial
results and condition and on the value of an
investment in Wells Fargo. Refer to our quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q that we will file with the SEC in
2008 for material changes to the discussion of risk
factors.

In accordance with the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we caution you that one
or more of the factors discussed below, in the
Financial Review section of this Report, in the
Financial Statements and related Notes included in
this Report, in the 2007 Form 10-K, or in other
documents we file with the SEC from time to time could
cause us to fall short of expectations for our future
financial and business performance that we may express
in forward-looking statements. We make forward-looking
statements when we use words such as  believe, 
 expect,   anticipate,   estimate,   will,   may, 
 can  and similar expressions. Do not unduly rely on
forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ
significantly from expectations. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date made. We do not
undertake to update them to reflect changes or events
that occur after that date.

66 

In this Report we make forward-looking
statements that we expect or believe:

net
charge-offs will be higher in 2008, particularly in the Home Equity
portfolio;   

there
is minimal additional loss content in nonaccrual loans;  

the provision for credit losses for consumer loans, absent a significant credit
event, severe decrease in collateral values, significant acceleration of losses or
significant change in payment behavior, will closely track the level of related net
charge-offs;  

FIN 48 will cause more volatility in our effective tax rate from quarter to
quarter;  

our investments in affordable housing and sustainable energy projects will be
recovered over time through realization of federal tax credits;  

the amount of any additional consideration that may be payable in connection with
previous acquisitions will not be significant to our financial
statements;  

the amount of nonaccrual loans will change due to portfolio growth, portfolio
seasoning, routine problem loan recognition and resolution through collections, sales or
charge-offs;  

recent guidance issued by federal financial regulatory agencies for nonprime
mortgage lending will not have a significant impact on Wells Fargo
Financial s operations;  

the election to measure at fair value new prime residential MHFS and other
interests held will reduce certain timing differences and better match changes in the
value of these assets with changes in the value of derivatives used as economic hedges for
these assets;  

changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments used as economic
hedges of derivative loan commitments will fully or partially offset changes in the fair
value of such commitments to the extent changes in value are due to
interest rate changes;  

capital expenditures of approximately $1 billion will be made in 2008 for our
stores, relocation and remodeling of our facilities, and routine replacement of furniture,
equipment and servers;  

proceeds of securities issued in the future will be used for general corporate
purposes;  

the outcome of pending and threatened legal actions will not have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations or stockholders 
equity;  

$63 million of net deferred gains on derivatives in other comprehensive income at
December 31, 2007, will be reclassified as earnings in the next
12 months;  

$126 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options will be
recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.1 years;  

a
contribution to the Cash Balance Plan will not be required in 2008;
and  

our unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by approximately $100 to $200 million
during the next 12 months primarily related to statute
expirations.  

This Report also includes various statements about the
estimated impact on our earnings from simulated changes
in interest rates and on expected losses in our loan
portfolio from assumed changes in loan credit
quality. As described in more detail below and
elsewhere in this Report, changes in the estimate of
the allowance for credit losses and the related
provision expense could have a material negative
effect on net income.

OUR ABILITY TO GROW REVENUE AND EARNINGS WILL
SUFFER IF WE ARE UNABLE TO CROSS-SELL MORE PRODUCTS TO
CUSTOMERS.   Selling more products to our
customers  cross-selling  is the foundation of our
business model and key to our ability to grow revenue
and earnings. Many of our competitors also focus on
cross-selling, especially in retail banking and
mortgage lending.

This can put pressure on us to sell our products at
lower prices, reducing our net interest income and
revenue from our fee-based products. It could also
affect our ability to keep existing customers. New
technologies could require us to spend more to modify
or adapt our products to attract and retain customers.
Increasing our cross-sell ratio or the average number
of products sold to existing customers may become
more challenging, especially given that our cross-sell
ratio is already high, and we might not attain our
goal of selling an average of eight products to each
customer.

AN ECONOMIC RECESSION OR EVEN A MODEST SLOWDOWN
COULD REDUCE DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND
LEAD TO LOWER REVENUE AND LOWER EARNINGS.   We
earn revenue from the interest and fees we charge on
the loans and other products and services we sell.
When the economy slows, the demand for those products
and services can fall, reducing our interest and fee
income and our earnings. An economic downturn can also
hurt the ability of our borrowers to repay their
loans, causing us to incur higher credit losses.
Several factors could cause the economy to slow down
or even recede, including higher energy costs, higher
interest rates, reduced consumer or corporate
spending, a slowdown in housing, declining home
values, natural disasters, terrorist activities,
military conflicts, and the normal cyclical nature of
the economy.

CHANGES IN STOCK MARKET PRICES COULD REDUCE FEE
INCOME FROM OUR BROKERAGE AND ASSET MANAGEMENT
BUSINESSES.   We earn fee income from managing
assets for others and providing brokerage services.
Because investment management fees are often based on
the value of assets under management, a fall in the
market prices of those assets could reduce our fee
income. Changes in stock market prices could affect
the trading activity of investors, reducing
commissions and other fees we earn from our brokerage
business.

For more information, refer to  Risk Management
  Asset/Liability and Market Risk Management  
Market Risk   Equity Markets  in the Financial Review
section of this Report.

CHANGES IN INTEREST RATES COULD REDUCE OUR NET
INTEREST INCOME AND EARNINGS.   Our net interest
income is the interest we earn on loans, debt
securities and other assets we hold less the interest
we pay on our deposits, long-term and short-term debt,
and other liabilities. Net interest income is a
measure of both our net interest margin the
difference between the yield we earn on our assets and
the interest rate we pay for deposits and our other
sources of funding and the amount of earning assets
we hold. As a result, changes in either our net
interest margin or the amount of earning assets we
hold could affect our net interest income and our
earnings.

Changes in interest rates up or down could
adversely affect our net interest margin. Although the
yield we earn on our assets and our funding costs tend
to move in the same direction in response to changes
in interest rates, one can rise or fall faster than
the other, causing our net interest margin to expand
or contract. Our liabilities tend to be shorter in
duration than our assets, so they may adjust faster in
response to changes in interest rates. As a result,
when interest rates rise, our funding costs may rise
faster than the yield we earn on our assets, causing
our net interest margin to contract until the yield
catches up.

Changes in the slope of the  yield curve  or the
spread between short-term and long-term interest
rates could also reduce our net interest margin.
Normally, the yield curve is upward sloping, meaning
short-term rates are lower than long-term rates.
Because our liabilities tend to be shorter in duration
than our assets, when the yield curve flattens or even
inverts, we could experience pressure on our net
interest margin as our cost of funds increases
relative to the yield we can earn on our assets.

67 

The interest we earn on our loans may be tied to
U.S.-denominated interest rates such as the federal
funds rate while the interest we pay on our debt may
be based on international rates such as LIBOR. If the
federal funds rate were to fall without a
corresponding decrease in LIBOR, we might earn less
on our loans without any offsetting decrease in our
funding costs. This could lower our net interest
margin and our net interest income.

We assess our interest rate risk by estimating
the effect on our earnings under various scenarios
that differ based on assumptions about the direction,
magnitude and speed of interest rate changes and the
slope of the yield curve. We hedge some of that
interest rate risk with interest rate derivatives. We
also rely on the  natural hedge  that our loan
originations and servicing rights can provide.

We do not hedge all of our interest rate risk.
There is always the risk that changes in interest
rates could reduce our net interest income and our
earnings in material amounts, especially if actual
conditions turn out to be materially different than
what we assumed. For example,
if interest rates rise or fall faster than we
assumed or the slope of the yield curve changes, we
may incur significant losses on debt securities we
hold as investments. To reduce our interest rate risk,
we may rebalance our investment and loan portfolios,
refinance our debt and take other strategic actions.
We may incur losses or expenses when we take such
actions.

For more information, refer to  Risk
Management   Asset/Liability and Market Risk
Management   Interest Rate Risk  in the Financial
Review section of this Report.

CHANGES IN INTEREST RATES COULD ALSO REDUCE THE
VALUE OF OUR MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS AND MORTGAGES
HELD FOR SALE, REDUCING OUR EARNINGS.   We have a
sizeable portfolio of mortgage servicing rights. A
mortgage servicing right (MSR) is the right to service
a mortgage loan collect principal, interest, escrow
amounts, etc. for a fee. We acquire MSRs when we keep
the servicing rights after we sell or securitize the
loans we have originated or when we purchase the
servicing rights to mortgage loans originated by other
lenders. Effective January 1, 2006, upon adoption of
FAS 156, we elected to initially measure and carry our
residential MSRs using the fair value measurement
method. Fair value is the present value of estimated
future net servicing income, calculated based on a
number of variables, including assumptions about the
likelihood of prepayment by borrowers.

Changes in interest rates can affect prepayment
assumptions and thus fair value. When interest rates
fall, borrowers are more likely to prepay their
mortgage loans by refinancing them at a lower rate. As
the likelihood of prepayment increases, the fair value
of our MSRs can decrease. Each quarter we evaluate the
fair value of our MSRs, and any decrease in fair value
reduces earnings in the period in which the decrease
occurs.

Effective January 1, 2007, we elected to measure
at fair value new prime mortgages held for sale (MHFS)
for which an active secondary market and readily
available market prices exist. We also measure at fair
value certain other interests we hold related to
residential loan sales and securitizations. Similar to
other interest-bearing securities, the value of these
MHFS and other interests held may be negatively affected by
changes in interest rates. For example, if market
interest rates increase relative to the yield on these
MHFS and other interests held, their fair value may fall.
We may not hedge this risk, and even if we do hedge
the risk with derivatives and other instruments we may
still incur significant losses from changes in the
value of these MHFS and other interests or from
changes in the value of the hedging instruments.

For more information, refer to  Critical
Accounting Policies  and  Risk Management  
Asset/Liability and Market Risk

Management   Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and
Market Risk  in the Financial Review section of
this Report.

MARKET ILLIQUIDITY AND INCREASED COMPETITION FOR
FUNDING COULD INCREASE OUR FUNDING COSTS.   We
sell most of the mortgage loans we originate in order
to reduce our credit risk and provide funding for
additional loans. We rely on Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac to purchase loans that meet their conforming loan
requirements and on other capital market investors to
purchase loans that do not meet those requirements  
referred to as  nonconforming  loans. In 2007,
investor demand for nonconforming loans began to
fall sharply, increasing credit spreads and reducing
the liquidity for those loans. In response to the
reduced liquidity in the capital markets, we may
retain more nonconforming loans. When we retain a loan
not only do we keep the credit risk associated with
the loan but we also do not receive any sale proceeds
that could be used to generate new loans. Continued
lack of liquidity could limit our ability to
fund and thus originate new mortgage loans, reducing the
fees we earn from originating and servicing loans. In
addition, we cannot assure that Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac will not materially limit their purchases of
conforming loans due to capital requirements, or
changes in criteria for conforming loans (e.g.,
maximum loan amount or borrower eligibility).

We rely on bank deposits to be a low cost and
stable source of funding for the loans we make. We
compete with banks and other financial services
companies for deposits. If our competitors raise the
rates they pay on deposits our funding costs may
increase, either because we raise our rates to avoid
losing deposits or because we lose deposits and must
rely on more expensive sources of funding. Higher
funding costs reduce our net interest margin and net
interest income.

WE MAY ELECT TO PROVIDE CAPITAL SUPPORT TO OUR
MUTUAL FUNDS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS IN STRUCTURED
CREDIT PRODUCTS.   Our money market mutual funds
are allowed to hold investments in structured
investment vehicles (SIVs) in accordance with
approved investment parameters for the respective
funds and, therefore, we may have indirect exposure
to collateralized debt obligations (CDOs). Although
we generally are not responsible for investment
losses incurred by our mutual funds, we may from time
to time elect to provide support to a fund even
though we are not contractually obligated to do so.
For example, in February 2008, to maintain an
investment rating of AAA for certain non-government
money market mutual funds, we elected to enter into a
capital support agreement for up to $130 million
related to one SIV held by those funds.

For more information, refer to  Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements and Aggregate Contractual
Obligations   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements,
Variable Interest Entities, Guarantees and Other
Commitments  in the Financial Review section of this
Report.

HIGHER CREDIT LOSSES COULD REQUIRE US TO
INCREASE OUR ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES THROUGH A
CHARGE TO EARNINGS.  
When we loan money or commit to loan money we
incur credit risk, or the risk of losses if our
borrowers do not repay their loans. We reserve for
credit losses by establishing an allowance through a
charge to earnings. The amount of this allowance is
based on our assessment of credit losses inherent in
our loan portfolio (including unfunded credit
commitments). The process for determining the amount
of the allowance is critical to our financial results
and condition. It requires difficult, subjective and
complex judgments about the future, including
forecasts of economic or market conditions that might
impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their
loans.

68 

We might underestimate the credit losses inherent
in our loan portfolio and have credit losses in excess
of the amount reserved. We might increase the
allowance because of changing economic conditions. For example, in a rising
interest rate
environment, borrowers with adjustable-rate loans
could see their payments increase. There may be a
significant increase in the number of borrowers who
are unable or unwilling to repay their loans, resulting in our
charging off more loans and increasing our allowance.
In addition, when home values decline, the potential
severity of loss on a real estate-secured loan can
increase significantly, especially in the case of
loans with high combined loan-to-value ratios. In
fourth quarter 2007, we recorded a special provision
of $1.4 billion to build credit reserves, primarily
for home equity losses incurred at December 31, 2007,
expected to be realized in 2008, and incurred higher
net charge-offs. We believe that we will incur higher
charge-offs in 2008 than in 2007. There is no assurance that our allowance for credit losses at
December 31, 2007, will
be sufficient to cover future credit losses. We may
be required to build reserves in 2008, thus reducing
earnings.

For more information, refer to  Critical
Accounting Policies   Allowance for Credit Losses  and
 Risk Management   Credit Risk Management Process  in
the Financial Review section of this Report.

WE MAY HAVE MORE CREDIT RISK AND HIGHER CREDIT
LOSSES TO THE EXTENT OUR LOANS ARE CONCENTRATED BY
LOAN TYPE, INDUSTRY SEGMENT, BORROWER TYPE, OR
LOCATION OF THE BORROWER OR COLLATERAL.   Our
credit risk and credit losses can increase if our
loans are concentrated to borrowers engaged in the
same or similar activities or to borrowers who as a
group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected
by economic or market conditions. We experienced the
effect of concentration risk in 2007 when we incurred
greater than expected losses in our Home Equity loan
portfolio due to a housing slowdown and greater than
expected deterioration in residential real estate
values in many markets, including the Central Valley
California market and several Southern California
metropolitan statistical areas. As California is our
largest banking state in terms of loans and deposits,
continued deterioration in real estate values and
underlying economic conditions in those markets or
elsewhere in California could result in materially
higher credit losses. In addition, deterioration in
housing conditions and real estate values in other
areas and generally across the country could result in
materially higher credit losses.

For more information, refer to  Risk Management
  Credit Risk Management Process   Loan Portfolio
Concentrations  in the Financial Review section of
this Report and Note 9 (Loans and Allowance for
Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this
Report.

FINANCIAL DIFFICULTIES OR CREDIT DOWNGRADES OF
MORTGAGE AND BOND INSURERS MAY NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR
SERVICING AND INVESTMENT PORTFOLIOS.   Our
servicing portfolio includes certain mortgage loans
that carry some level of insurance from one or more
mortgage insurance companies. To the extent that any
of these companies experience financial difficulties
or credit downgrades, we may be required, as servicer
of the insured loan on behalf of the investor, to
obtain replacement coverage with another provider,
possibly at a higher cost than current coverage. We
may be responsible for some or all of the incremental
cost of the new coverage for certain loans depending
on the terms of our servicing agreement with the
investor and other circumstances. Similarly, some of
the mortgage loans we hold for investment or for sale
carry mortgage insurance. If a mortgage insurer is
unable to meet its credit obligations with respect to
an insured loan, we might incur higher credit losses
if replacement coverage is not obtained. We also have
investments in municipal bonds that are guaranteed
against loss by bond insurers. The value of these
bonds and the payment of principal and interest on
them may be negatively affected by financial
difficulties or credit downgrades experienced by the
bond insurers.

For more information, refer to  Earnings
Performance   Balance Sheet Analysis   Securities
Available for Sale  and  Risk Management   Credit
Risk Management Process  in the Financial Review
section of this Report.

OUR MORTGAGE BANKING REVENUE CAN BE VOLATILE
FROM QUARTER TO QUARTER.   We earn revenue from
fees we receive for originating mortgage loans and for
servicing mortgage loans. When rates rise, the demand
for mortgage loans tends to fall, reducing the revenue
we receive from loan originations. At the same time,
revenue from our MSRs can increase through increases
in fair value. When rates fall, mortgage originations
tend to increase and the value of our MSRs tends to
decline, also with some offsetting revenue effect.
Even though they can act as a  natural hedge,  the
hedge is not perfect, either in amount or timing. For
example, the negative effect on revenue from a
decrease in the fair value of residential MSRs is
immediate, but any offsetting revenue benefit from
more originations and the MSRs relating to the new
loans would accrue over time. It is also possible
that, because of a slowing economy and a deterioration
of the housing market, even if interest rates were to
fall, mortgage originations may also fall or any
increase in mortgage originations may not be enough to
offset the decrease in the MSR value caused by the
lower rates.

We typically use derivatives and other
instruments to hedge our mortgage banking interest
rate risk. We generally do not hedge all of our risk,
and the fact that we attempt to hedge any of the risk
does not mean we will be successful. Hedging is a
complex process, requiring sophisticated models and
constant monitoring, and is not a perfect science. We
may use hedging instruments tied to U.S. Treasury
rates, LIBOR or Eurodollars that may not perfectly
correlate with the value or income being hedged. We
could incur significant losses from our hedging
activities. There may be periods where we elect not
to use derivatives and other instruments to hedge
mortgage banking interest rate risk.

For more information, refer to  Risk
Management   Asset/Liability and Market Risk
Management   Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and
Market Risk  in the Financial Review section of
this Report.

OUR BANK CUSTOMERS COULD TAKE THEIR MONEY OUT
OF THE BANK AND PUT IT IN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS,
CAUSING US TO LOSE A LOWER COST SOURCE OF FUNDING.  
Checking and savings account balances and
other forms of customer deposits can decrease when
customers perceive alternative investments, such as
the stock market, as providing a better risk/return
tradeoff. When customers move money out of bank
deposits and into other investments, we can lose a
relatively low cost source of funds, increasing our
funding costs and reducing our net interest income.

OUR VENTURE CAPITAL BUSINESS CAN ALSO BE
VOLATILE FROM QUARTER TO QUARTER.   Earnings from
our venture capital investments can be volatile and
hard to predict and can have a significant effect on
our earnings from period to period. When and if we
recognize gains can depend on a number of factors,
including general economic conditions, the prospects
of the companies in which we invest, when these
companies go public, the size of our position relative
to the public float, and whether we are subject to any
resale restrictions. Our venture capital investments
could result in significant losses.

We assess our private and public equity portfolio
at least quarterly for other-than-temporary impairment
based on a number

69 

of factors, including the then
current market value of each investment compared to
its carrying value. Our venture capital investments
tend to be in technology and other volatile industries
globally, so the value of our public and private
equity portfolios can fluctuate widely. If we
determine there is other-than-temporary impairment for an investment, we will write-down
the carrying value of the investment, resulting in a
charge to earnings. The amount of this charge could
be significant, especially if under accounting rules
we were required previously to write-up the value
because of higher market prices.

For more information, refer to  Risk Management  
Asset/Liability and Market Risk Management   Market
Risk   Equity Markets  in the Financial Review section
of this Report.

WE RELY ON DIVIDENDS FROM OUR SUBSIDIARIES FOR
REVENUE, AND FEDERAL AND STATE LAW CAN LIMIT THOSE
DIVIDENDS.   Wells Fargo   Company, the parent
holding company, is a separate and distinct legal
entity from its subsidiaries. It receives a
significant portion of its revenue from dividends from
its subsidiaries. We use these dividends to pay
dividends on our common and preferred stock and
interest and principal on our debt. Federal and state
laws limit the amount of dividends that our bank and
some of our nonbank subsidiaries may pay to us. Also,
our right to participate in a distribution of assets
upon a subsidiary s liquidation or reorganization is
subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary s
creditors.

For more information, refer to  Regulation and
Supervision   Dividend Restrictions  and    Holding
Company Structure  in our 2007 Form 10-K and to Notes
3 (Cash, Loan and Dividend Restrictions) and 26
(Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements) to
Financial Statements in this Report.

CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES OR ACCOUNTING
STANDARDS, AND CHANGES IN HOW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS ARE
INTERPRETED OR APPLIED, COULD MATERIALLY AFFECT HOW WE
REPORT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS AND CONDITION.   Our
accounting policies are fundamental to determining and
understanding our financial results and condition.
Some of these policies require use of estimates and
assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or
liabilities and financial results. Five of our
accounting policies are critical because they require
management to make difficult, subjective and complex
judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain
and because it is likely that materially different
amounts would be reported under different conditions
or using different assumptions. For a description of
these policies, refer to  Critical Accounting
Policies  in the Financial Review section of this
Report.

From time to time the FASB and the SEC change the
financial accounting and reporting standards that
govern the preparation of our external financial
statements. In addition, accounting standard setters
and those who interpret the accounting standards (such
as the FASB, SEC, banking regulators and our outside
auditors) may change or even reverse their previous
interpretations or positions on how these standards
should be applied. Changes in financial accounting and
reporting standards and changes in current
interpretations may be
beyond our control, can be hard to predict and
could materially impact how we report our financial
results and condition. We could be required to apply a
new or revised standard retroactively or apply an
existing standard differently, also retroactively, in
each case resulting in our potentially restating prior
period financial statements in material amounts.

ACQUISITIONS COULD REDUCE OUR STOCK PRICE UPON
ANNOUNCEMENT AND REDUCE OUR EARNINGS IF WE OVERPAY OR
HAVE DIFFICULTY INTEGRATING THEM.   We regularly
explore opportunities to acquire companies in the
financial services industry. We cannot predict the
frequency, size or timing of our acquisitions, and we
typically do not comment publicly on a possible
acquisition until we have signed a definitive
agreement. When we do announce an acquisition, our
stock price may fall depending on the size of the
acquisition, the purchase price and the potential
dilution to existing stockholders. It is also possible
that an acquisition could dilute earnings per share.

We generally must receive federal regulatory
approval before we can acquire a bank or bank holding
company. In deciding whether to approve a proposed
bank acquisition, federal bank regulators will
consider, among other factors, the effect of the
acquisition on competition, financial condition, and
future prospects including current and projected
capital ratios and levels, the competence, experience,
and integrity of management and record of compliance
with laws and regulations, the convenience and needs
of the communities to be served, including the
acquiring institution s record of compliance under the
Community Reinvestment Act, and the effectiveness of
the acquiring institution in combating money
laundering. Also, we cannot be certain when or if, or
on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory
approvals will be granted. We might be required to
sell banks, branches and/or business units as a
condition to receiving regulatory approval.

Difficulty in integrating an acquired company may
cause us not to realize expected revenue increases,
cost savings, increases in geographic or product
presence, and other projected benefits from the
acquisition. The integration could result in higher
than expected deposit attrition (run-off), loss of key
employees, disruption of our business or the business
of the acquired company, or otherwise harm our ability
to retain customers and employees or achieve the
anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Time and
resources spent on integration may also impair our
ability to grow our existing businesses. Also, the
negative effect of any divestitures required by
regulatory authorities in acquisitions or business
combinations may be greater than expected.

FEDERAL AND STATE REGULATIONS CAN RESTRICT OUR
BUSINESS, AND NON-COMPLIANCE COULD RESULT IN
PENALTIES, LITIGATION AND DAMAGE TO OUR REPUTATION.  
Our parent company, our subsidiary banks and
many of our nonbank subsidiaries are heavily regulated
at the federal and/or state levels. This regulation is
to protect depositors, federal deposit insurance
funds, consumers and the banking system as a whole,
not our stockholders. Federal and state regulations
can significantly restrict our businesses, and we
could be fined or otherwise penalized if we are found
to be out of compliance.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley)
limits the types of non-audit services our outside
auditors may provide to us in order to preserve their
independence from us. If our auditors were found not
to be  independent  of us under SEC rules, we could be
required to engage new auditors and file new financial
statements and
audit reports with the SEC. We could be out of
compliance with SEC rules until new financial
statements and audit reports were filed, limiting our
ability to raise capital and resulting in other
adverse consequences.

Sarbanes-Oxley also requires our management to
evaluate the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures and its internal control over financial
reporting and requires our auditors to issue a report
on our internal control over financial reporting. We
are required to disclose, in our annual report on Form
10-K filed with the SEC, the existence of any
 material weaknesses  in our internal control. We
cannot assure that we will not find one or more
material weaknesses as of the end of any given year,
nor can we predict the effect on our stock price of
disclosure of a material weakness.

The Patriot Act, which was enacted in the wake of
the September 2001 terrorist attacks, requires us to
implement new or revised policies and procedures
relating to anti-money laundering, compliance,
suspicious activities, and currency transaction
reporting and due diligence on customers. The Patriot
Act

70 

also requires federal bank regulators to evaluate
the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money
laundering in determining whether to approve a
proposed bank acquisition.

A number of states have recently challenged the
position of the OCC as the sole regulator of
national banks and their subsidiaries. If these challenges are successful or if
Congress acts to give greater effect to state
regulation, the impact on us could be significant,
not only because of the potential additional
restrictions on our businesses but also from having
to comply with potentially 50 different sets of
regulations.

From time to time Congress considers legislation
that could significantly change our regulatory
environment, potentially increasing our cost of doing
business, limiting the activities we may pursue or
affecting the competitive balance among banks, savings
associations, credit unions, and other financial
institutions. As an example, our business model
depends on sharing information among the family of
Wells Fargo businesses to better satisfy our
customers  needs. Laws that restrict the ability of
our companies to share information about customers
could limit our ability to cross-sell products and
services, reducing our revenue and earnings. For
example, federal financial regulators have issued
regulations under the Fair and Accurate Credit
Transactions Act which have the effect of increasing
the length of the waiting period, after privacy
disclosures are provided to new customers, before
information can be shared among Wells Fargo companies
for the purpose of cross-selling Wells Fargo s
products and services. This may result in certain
cross-sell programs being less effective than they
have been in the past. Wells Fargo must comply with
these regulations not later than October 1, 2008.

For more information, refer to  Regulation and
Supervision  in our 2007 Form 10-K and to  Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  in this
Report.

WE MAY INCUR FINES, PENALTIES AND OTHER NEGATIVE
CONSEQUENCES FROM REGULATORY VIOLATIONS, POSSIBLY EVEN
INADVERTENT OR UNINTENTIONAL VIOLATIONS.   We
maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure
that we comply with applicable laws and regulations.
However, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for
the imposition of fines or penalties for
noncompliance even though the noncompliance was
inadvertent or unintentional and even though there was
in place at the time systems and procedures designed
to ensure compliance. For example, we are subject to
regulations issued by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control (OFAC) that prohibit financial institutions
from participating in the transfer of property
belonging to the governments of certain foreign
countries and designated nationals of those countries.
OFAC may impose penalties for inadvertent or
unintentional violations even if reasonable processes
are in place to prevent the violations. Therefore, the
establishment and maintenance of systems and
procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance
cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid a fine
or penalty for noncompliance. For example, in April
2003 and January 2005 OFAC reported settlements with
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. in amounts of $5,500 and
$42,833, respectively. These settlements related to
transactions involving inadvertent acts or human error
alleged to have violated OFAC regulations. There may
be other negative consequences resulting from a
finding of noncompliance, including restrictions on
certain activities. Such a finding may also damage our
reputation (see below) and could restrict the ability
of institutional investment managers to invest in our
securities.

NEGATIVE PUBLICITY COULD DAMAGE OUR REPUTATION.  
Reputation risk, or the risk to our earnings and
capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in
our business. Negative public opinion could adversely
affect our ability to keep and attract customers and
expose us to adverse legal and regulatory
consequences. Negative public opinion could result
from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of
activities, including lending practices, corporate
governance, regulatory compliance, mergers and
acquisitions, and disclosure, sharing or inadequate
protection of customer information, and from actions
taken by government regulators and community
organizations in response to that conduct. Because we

conduct most of our businesses
under the  Wells Fargo  brand, negative public
opinion about one business could affect our other
businesses.

WE DEPEND ON THE ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS OF
INFORMATION ABOUT CUSTOMERS AND COUNTERPARTIES.  
In deciding whether to extend credit or enter
into other transactions, we rely on the accuracy and
completeness of information about our customers,
including financial statements and other financial
information and reports of independent auditors. For
example, in deciding whether to extend credit, we may
assume that a customer s audited financial statements
conform with U.S. GAAP and present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the customer. We also may
rely on the audit report covering those financial
statements. If that information is incorrect or
incomplete, we may incur credit losses or other
charges to earnings.

WE RELY ON OTHERS TO HELP US WITH OUR
OPERATIONS.   We rely on outside vendors to
provide key components of our business operations such
as internet connections and network access.
Disruptions in communication services provided by a
vendor or any failure of a vendor to handle current or
higher volumes of use could hurt our ability to
deliver products and services to our customers and
otherwise to conduct our business. Financial or
operational difficulties of an outside vendor could
also hurt our operations if those difficulties
interfere with the vendor s ability to serve us.

FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD POLICIES CAN
SIGNIFICANTLY IMPACT BUSINESS AND ECONOMIC CONDITIONS
AND OUR
FINANCIAL RESULTS AND CONDITION.   The Federal
Reserve Board (FRB) regulates the supply of money and
credit in the United States. Its policies determine
in large part our cost of funds for lending and
investing and the return we earn on those loans and
investments, both of which affect our net interest
margin. They also can materially affect the value of
financial instruments we hold, such as debt
securities and MSRs. Its policies also can affect our
borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they
may fail to repay their loans. Changes in FRB
policies are beyond our control and can be hard to
predict.

OUR STOCK PRICE CAN BE VOLATILE DUE TO OTHER
FACTORS.   Our stock price can fluctuate widely
in response to a variety of factors, in addition to
those described above, including:

general
business and economic conditions;  

recommendations
by securities analysts;  

new
technology used, or services offered, by our competitors;  

operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem
comparable to us;  

news reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the financial
services industry;  

changes
in government regulations;   

natural
disasters; and  

geopolitical conditions such as acts or threats of terrorism or military
conflicts.  

71 

Controls and Procedures

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As required by SEC rules, the Company s management evaluated the effectiveness, as of December
31, 2007, of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. The Company s chief executive
officer and chief financial officer participated in the evaluation. Based on this evaluation, the
Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2007.

Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company s board
of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and includes those
policies and procedures that:

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and
fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of the
company;  

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and  

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.  

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. No change occurred during
any quarter in 2007 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Management s report on internal control over
financial reporting is set forth below, and should be read with these limitations in mind.

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting for the Company. Management assessed the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, using the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in  Internal
Control   Integrated Framework . Based on this assessment, management concluded that as of December
31, 2007, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective.

KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company s
financial statements included in this Annual Report, issued an audit report on the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. KPMG s audit report appears on the following page.

72 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Wells Fargo   Company:

We have audited Wells Fargo   Company and Subsidiaries  ( the Company ) internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on criteria
established in  Internal Control  
Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on criteria
established in  Internal Control  
Integrated Framework  issued by COSO.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2007 and
2006, and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders  equity and
comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December
31, 2007, and our report dated February 25, 2008, expressed an unqualified opinion on those
consolidated financial statements.

San Francisco, California 
February 25, 2008

73 

Financial Statements 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

74 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

75 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

76 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

77 

Notes to Financial Statements

Note 1:     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Wells Fargo   Company is a diversified financial
services company. We provide banking, insurance,
investments, mortgage banking and consumer finance
through banking stores, the internet and other
distribution channels to consumers, businesses and
institutions in all 50 states of the U.S. and in other
countries. In this Annual Report, when we refer to
 the Company,   we,   our  or  us  we mean Wells Fargo
  Company and Subsidiaries (consolidated). Wells Fargo
  Company (the Parent) is a financial holding company
and a bank holding company.

Our accounting and reporting policies conform
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP) and practices in the financial services
industry. To prepare the financial statements in
conformity with GAAP, management must make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and income and expenses during the
reporting period. Management has made significant
estimates in several areas, including the allowance
for credit losses (Note 6), valuing residential
mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) (Notes 8 and 9) and
financial instruments (Note 17), pension accounting
(Note 20) and income taxes (Note 21). Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

In the Financial Statements and related Notes,
all common share and per share disclosures reflect a
two-for-one stock split in the form of a 100% stock
dividend distributed August 11, 2006.

On January 1, 2007, we adopted the
following new accounting pronouncements:

FIN 48   Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB) Interpretation No. 48,  Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes, an interpretation
of FASB Statement No. 109 ;  

FSP 13-2   FASB Staff Position 13-2,
 Accounting for a Change or Projected Change in
the Timing of Cash Flows Relating to Income
Taxes Generated by a Leveraged Lease
Transaction ;  

FAS 155   Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 155,  Accounting for Certain
Hybrid Financial Instruments, an amendment of
FASB Statements No. 133 and 140 ;  

FAS 157    Fair Value Measurements ; and  

FAS 159    The Fair Value Option for Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities, including an
amendment of FASB Statement No. 115 .  

The adoption of FIN 48, FAS 155, FAS 157 and FAS
159 did not have any effect on our financial
statements at the date of adoption. For additional
information, see Note 17 and Note 21.

FSP 13-2 relates to the accounting for
leveraged lease transactions for which there have
been cash flow estimate changes based on when income
tax benefits are recognized.

Certain of our leveraged lease transactions have been
challenged by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). We
have paid the IRS the contested income tax associated
with these transactions. However, we are continuing to
vigorously defend our initial filing position as to
the timing of the tax benefits associated with these
transactions. Upon adoption of FSP 13-2, we recorded a
cumulative effect of change in accounting principle to
reduce the beginning balance of 2007 retained earnings
by $71 million after tax ($115 million pre tax). Since
this adjustment changes only the timing of income tax
cash flows and not the total net income for these
leases, this amount will be recognized back into
income over the remaining terms of the affected
leases.

On July 1, 2007, we adopted Emerging Issues Task
Force (EITF) Topic D-109,  Determining the Nature of a
Host Contract Related to a Hybrid Financial Instrument
Issued in the Form of a Share under FASB Statement No.
133  (Topic D-109), which provides clarifying guidance
as to whether certain hybrid financial instruments are
more akin to debt or equity, for purposes of
evaluating whether the embedded derivative financial
instrument requires separate accounting under FAS 133,
 Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities . In accordance with the transition
provisions of Topic D-109, we transferred $1.2 billion
of securities, consisting of investments in preferred
stock callable by the issuer, from trading assets to
securities available for sale. Because the securities
were carried at fair value, the adoption of Topic
D-109 did not have any effect on our total
stockholders  equity.

IMMATERIAL ADJUSTMENTS  

We obtained concurrence from the staff of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
subsequent to the filing of our third quarter 2007
Form 10-Q concerning our accounting for the Visa
restructuring transactions, including judgment sharing
agreements previously executed among Wells Fargo, Visa
Inc. and its predecessors (collectively Visa) and
certain other member banks of the Visa USA network. We
recorded an immaterial adjustment to the previously
filed 2006 Statement of Income associated with
indemnification obligations related to agreements
entered into during second quarter 2006. Based on our
proportionate membership share of Visa USA, a
litigation liability and corresponding expense of $95
million was recorded for second quarter 2006, which
was included in Community Banking for management
reporting. This adjustment was estimated based upon
our share of an actual settlement reached in November
2007. The impact of this adjustment to the 2006
Statement of Income was to reduce net income by $62
million and diluted earnings per share by $0.02.

In 2006 and 2005, our consolidated statement of cash flows reflected mortgage servicing rights
(MSRs) from securitizations and asset transfers, as separately detailed in Note 9, of $4,118
million and $2,652 million, respectively, as an increase to cash flows from operating activities
with a corresponding decrease to cash flows from investing
activities.

78 

We have revised our consolidated statement of cash flows
to appropriately reflect the proceeds from sales of mortgages held
for sale (MHFS) and the related investment in MSRs as noncash
transfers from MHFS to MSRs. The impact of the adjustments was to
decrease net cash provided by operating activities from
$32,094 million to $27,976 million in 2006, increase net
cash used by operating activities from $9,333 million
to $11,985 million in 2005, decrease net cash used by investing activities
 from $20,700 million to $16,582 million in 2006, and decrease net cash used by investing
activities from $30,069 million to $27,417 million in 2005. These revisions to the
historical financial statements were not considered to be material.

The following is a description of our
significant accounting policies.

Consolidation 

Our consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the Parent and our majority-owned
subsidiaries and variable interest entities (VIEs)
(defined below) in which we are the primary
beneficiary. Significant intercompany accounts and
transactions are eliminated in consolidation. If we
own at least 20% of an entity, we generally account
for the investment using the equity method. If we own
less than 20% of an entity, we generally carry the
investment at cost, except marketable equity
securities, which we carry at fair value with changes
in fair value included in other comprehensive income.
Assets accounted for under the equity or cost method
are included in other assets.

We are a variable interest holder in certain
special-purpose entities in which we do not have a
controlling financial interest or do not have enough
equity at risk for the entity to finance its
activities without additional subordinated financial
support from other parties. Our variable interest
arises from contractual, ownership or other monetary
interests in the entity, which change with
fluctuations in the entity s net asset value. We
consolidate a VIE if we are the primary beneficiary
because we will absorb a majority of the entity s
expected losses, receive a majority of the entity s
expected residual returns, or both.

Trading Assets 

Trading assets are primarily securities,
including corporate debt, U.S. government agency
obligations and other securities that we acquire for
short-term appreciation or other trading purposes,
and the fair value of derivatives held for customer
accommodation purposes or proprietary trading.
Trading assets are carried at fair value, with
realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in
noninterest income. Noninterest income from trading
assets was $544 million in 2007 and 2006, and $571
million in 2005.

Securities 

SECURITIES AVAILABLE FOR SALE    Debt
securities that we might not hold until maturity and
marketable equity securities are classified as
securities available for sale and reported at
estimated fair value. Unrealized gains and losses,
after applicable taxes, are reported in cumulative
other comprehensive income. Fair value measurement is
based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted
prices are not available, fair values are measured
using independent pricing models or other model-based
valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit
rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors such
as credit loss assumptions.

We reduce the asset value when we consider the
declines in the value of debt securities and
marketable equity securities to be other than
temporary and record the estimated loss in noninterest
income. We conduct other-than-temporary impairment
analysis on a quarterly basis. The initial indicator
of other-than-temporary impairment for both debt and
equity securities is a decline in market value below
the amount recorded for an investment, and the
severity and

duration of the decline. In determining whether an
impairment is other than temporary, we consider the
length of time and the extent to which market value
has been less than cost, any recent events specific to
the issuer and economic conditions of its industry,
and our ability and intent to hold the investment for
a period of time sufficient to allow for any
anticipated recovery.

For marketable equity securities, we also
consider the issuer s financial condition, capital
strength, and near-term prospects.

For debt securities we also consider:

the cause of the price decline general level of
interest rates and industry and issuer-specific
factors;  

the issuer s financial condition, near term
prospects and current ability to make future payments
in a timely manner;  

the issuer s
ability to service debt; and  

any change in agencies  ratings at
evaluation date from acquisition date and any likely
imminent action.  

The securities portfolio is an integral part of
our asset/liability management process. We manage
these investments to provide liquidity, manage
interest rate risk and maximize portfolio yield within
capital risk limits approved by management and the
Board of Directors and monitored by the Corporate
Asset/Liability Management Committee (Corporate ALCO).
We recognize realized gains and losses on the sale of
these securities in noninterest income using the
specific identification method.

Unamortized premiums and discounts are
recognized in interest income over the contractual
life of the security using the interest method. As
principal repayments are received on securities
(i.e., primarily mortgage-backed securities) a
pro-rata portion of the unamortized premium or
discount is recognized in interest income.

NONMARKETABLE
EQUITY SECURITIES    Nonmarketable equity securities include venture
capital equity securities that are not publicly
traded and securities acquired for various purposes,
such as to meet regulatory requirements (for example,
Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank
stock). We review these assets at least quarterly for
possible other-than-temporary impairment. Our review
typically includes an analysis of the facts and
circumstances of each investment, the expectations
for the investment s cash flows and capital needs,
the viability of its business model and our exit

79 

strategy. These securities are accounted for under
the cost or equity method and are included in other
assets. We reduce the asset value when we consider
declines in value to be other than temporary. We
recognize the estimated loss as a loss from equity
investments in noninterest income.

Mortgages Held for Sale 

Mortgages held for sale (MHFS) include commercial
and residential mortgages originated for sale and
securitization in the secondary market, which is our
principal market, or for sale as whole loans.
Effective January 1, 2007, we elected to measure
new prime residential MHFS at fair value.

Nonprime residential and commercial MHFS continue
to be held at the lower of cost or market value. For
these loans, gains and losses on loan sales (sales
proceeds minus carrying value) are recorded in
noninterest income. Direct loan origination costs and
fees are deferred at origination of the loan. The
deferred costs and fees are recognized in mortgage
banking noninterest income upon sale of the loan.

At origination, our lines of business are
authorized to originate held for investment loans that
meet or exceed established loan product profitability
criteria, including minimum positive net interest
margin spreads in excess of funding costs. When a
determination is made at the time of commitment to
originate loans as held for investment, it is our
intent to hold these loans to maturity or for the
 foreseeable future,  subject to periodic review under
our corporate asset/liability management process. In determining the  foreseeable future  for these loans, management considers 1) the current
economic environment and market conditions, 2) our business strategy and current business plans, 3)
the nature and type of the loan receivable, including its expected life, and 4) our current
financial condition and liquidity demands.
Consistent with our core banking business of managing
the spread between the yield on our assets and the
cost of our funds, loans are periodically reevaluated
to determine if our minimum net interest margin
spreads continue to meet our profitability objectives.
If subsequent changes in interest rates significantly
impact the ongoing profitability of certain loan
products, we may subsequently change our intent to
hold these loans and we would take actions to sell
such loans in response to the Corporate ALCO
directives to reposition our balance sheet because of
the changes in interest rates. Such Corporate ALCO
directives identify both the type of loans (for
example 3/1, 5/1, 10/1 and relationship
adjustable-rate mortgages (ARMs), as well as specific
fixed-rate loans) to be sold and the weighted-average
coupon rate of such loans no longer meeting our
ongoing investment criteria. Upon the issuance of such
directives, we immediately transfer these loans to the
MHFS portfolio at the lower of cost or market value.

Loans Held for Sale 

Loans held for sale are carried at the lower of
cost or market value. Gains and losses on loan sales
(sales proceeds minus carrying value) are recorded in
noninterest income. Direct loan origination costs and
fees are deferred at origination of the loan. These
deferred costs and fees are recognized in noninterest
income upon sale of the loan.

Loans 

Loans are reported at their outstanding principal
balances net of any unearned income, charge-offs,
unamortized deferred fees and costs on originated
loans and premiums or discounts on purchased loans,
except for certain purchased loans, which are
recorded at fair value on their purchase date.
Unearned income, deferred fees and costs, and
discounts and premiums are amortized to income over
the contractual life of the loan using the interest
method.

We offer a portfolio product known as
relationship ARMs that provides interest rate
reductions to reward eligible banking customers who
have an existing relationship or establish a new
relationship with Wells Fargo. Accordingly, this
product offering is generally underwritten to certain Company
guidelines rather than secondary market standards

and is typically originated for investment. At
December 31, 2007 and 2006, we had $15.4 billion and
$3.4 billion, respectively, of relationship ARMs in
loans held for investment and $2 million and $163
million, respectively, in mortgages held for sale.
Originations, net of collections and proceeds from
the sale of these loans are reflected as investing
cash flows consistent with their original
classification.

Lease financing assets include aggregate lease
rentals, net of related unearned income, which
includes deferred investment tax credits, and related
nonrecourse debt. Leasing income is recognized as a
constant percentage of outstanding lease financing
balances over the lease terms.

Loan commitment fees are generally deferred and
amortized into noninterest income on a straight-line
basis over the commitment period.

From time to time, we pledge loans, primarily
1-4 family mortgage loans, to secure borrowings from
the Federal Home Loan Bank.

NONACCRUAL
LOANS    We generally place loans on
nonaccrual status when:

the full and timely collection of interest or principal becomes uncertain; 

they are 90 days (120 days with respect to real estate 1-4 family first and junior lien mortgages and
auto loans) past due for interest or principal (unless
both well-secured and in the process of collection);
or 

part of the principal balance has been charged
off. 

Generally, consumer loans not secured by real
estate or autos are placed on nonaccrual status only
when part of the principal has been charged off.
These loans are charged off or charged down to the
net realizable value of the collateral when deemed
uncollectible, due to bankruptcy or other factors, or
when they reach a defined number of days past due
based on loan product, industry practice, country,
terms and other factors.

When we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we
reverse the accrued and unpaid interest receivable
against interest income and account for the loan on
the cash or cost recovery method, until it qualifies
for return to accrual status. Generally, we return a
loan to accrual status when (a) all delinquent
interest and principal becomes current under the terms
of the

80 

loan agreement or (b) the loan is both
well-secured and in the process of collection and
collectibility is no longer doubtful.

IMPAIRED
LOANS    We consider a loan to be
impaired when, based on current information and
events, we determine that we will not be able to
collect all amounts due according to the loan
contract, including scheduled interest payments. We
assess and account for as impaired certain nonaccrual
commercial and commercial real estate loans that are
over $3 million and certain consumer, commercial and
commercial real estate loans whose terms have been
modified in a troubled debt restructuring.

When we identify a loan as impaired, we
measure the impairment based on the present value
of expected future cash flows, discounted at the
loan s effective interest rate, except when the
sole (remaining) source of repayment for the loan is the operation or liquidation of the
collateral. In these cases we use an observable market
price or the current fair value of the collateral,
less selling costs when foreclosure is probable,
instead of discounted cash flows.

If we determine that the value of the impaired
loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan
(net of previous charge-offs, deferred loan fees or
costs and unamortized premium or discount), we
recognize impairment through an allowance estimate or
a charge-off to the allowance.

ALLOWANCE
FOR CREDIT LOSSES    The allowance
for credit losses, which consists of the allowance for
loan losses and the reserve for unfunded credit
commitments, is management s estimate of credit losses
inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet
date.

Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets 

We account for a transfer of financial assets as a
sale when we surrender control of the transferred
assets. Effective January 1, 2006, upon adoption of
FAS 156,  Accounting for Servicing of Financial Assets
  an amendment of FASB Statement No. 140 , servicing
rights resulting from the sale or securitization of
loans we originate (asset transfers), are initially
measured at fair value at the date of transfer. We
recognize the rights to service mortgage loans for
others, or mortgage servicing rights (MSRs), as assets
whether we purchase the MSRs or the MSRs result from
an asset transfer. We determine the fair value of
servicing rights at the date of transfer using the
present value of estimated future net servicing
income, using assumptions that market participants use
in their estimates of values. We use quoted market
prices when available to determine the value of other
interests held. Gain or loss on sale of loans depends
on (a) proceeds received and (b) the previous carrying
amount of the financial assets transferred and any
interests we continue to hold (such as interest-only
strips) based on relative fair value at the date of
transfer.

To determine the fair value of MSRs, we use a
valuation model that calculates the present value of
estimated future net servicing income. We use
assumptions in the valuation model that market
participants use in estimating future net servicing
income, including estimates of prepayment speeds
(including housing price volatility), discount rate,
default rates, cost to service (including delinquency
and foreclosure costs), escrow account earnings,
contractual servicing fee income, ancillary income and
late fees. This model is validated by an independent
internal model validation group operating in
accordance with a model validation policy approved by
Corporate ALCO.

MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE   

Effective January 1, 2006, upon adoption of FAS
156, we elected to initially measure and carry our
MSRs related to residential mortgage loans
(residential MSRs) using the fair value method.
Under the fair value method, residential MSRs are
carried in the balance sheet at fair value and the
changes in fair value, primarily due to changes in
valuation inputs and assumptions and to the
collection/realization of expected cash flows, are
reported in earnings in the period in which the change
occurs.

Effective January 1, 2006, upon the remeasurement
of our residential MSRs at fair value, we recorded a
cumulative effect adjustment to increase the 2006
beginning balance of retained earnings by $101 million
after tax ($158 million pre tax) in stockholders 
equity.

AMORTIZED MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS  

Amortized MSRs, which include commercial MSRs
and, prior to January 1, 2006, residential MSRs, are
carried at the lower of cost or market value. These
MSRs are amortized in proportion to, and over the
period of, estimated net servicing income. The
amortization of MSRs is analyzed monthly and is
adjusted to reflect changes in prepayment speeds, as
well as other factors.

Premises and Equipment  

Premises and equipment are carried at cost less
accumulated depreciation and amortization. Capital
leases are included in premises and equipment at the
capitalized amount less accumulated amortization.

We primarily use the straight-line method of
depreciation and amortization. Estimated useful lives
range up to 40 years for buildings, up to 10 years for
furniture and equipment, and the shorter of the
estimated useful life or lease term for leasehold
improvements. We amortize capitalized leased assets on
a straight-line basis over the lives of the respective
leases.

Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets  

Goodwill is recorded when the purchase price is
higher than the fair value of net assets acquired in
business combinations under the purchase method of
accounting.

We assess goodwill for impairment annually, and
more frequently in certain circumstances. We assess
goodwill for impairment on a reporting unit level by
applying a fair-value-based test using discounted
estimated future net cash flows. Impairment exists
when the carrying amount of the goodwill exceeds its
implied fair value. We recognize impairment losses as
a charge to noninterest expense (unless related to
discontinued operations) and an adjustment to the
carrying value of the goodwill asset. Subsequent
reversals of goodwill impairment are prohibited.

We amortize core deposit intangibles on an
accelerated basis based on useful lives of 10 to 15
years. We review core deposit intangibles for
impairment whenever events

81 

or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts
may not be recoverable. Impairment is indicated if
the sum of undiscounted estimated future net cash
flows is less than the carrying value of the asset.
Impairment is permanently recognized by writing down
the asset to the extent that the carrying value
exceeds the estimated fair value.

Operating Lease Assets  

Operating lease rental income for leased assets,
generally autos, is recognized in other income on a
straight-line basis over the lease term. Related
depreciation expense is recorded on a straight-line
basis over the life of the lease, taking into account
the estimated residual value of the leased asset. On a periodic basis, leased assets are reviewed for
impairment. Impairment loss is recognized if the
carrying amount of leased assets exceeds fair value
and is not recoverable. The carrying amount of leased
assets is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the
undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the
lease payments and the estimated residual value upon
the eventual disposition of the equipment. Leased
assets are written down to the fair value of the
collateral less cost to sell when 120 days past due.

Pension Accounting 

We account for our defined benefit pension plans
using an actuarial model required by FAS 87,
 Employers  Accounting for Pensions , as amended by FAS
158,  Employers  Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension
and Other Postretirement Plans   an amendment of FASB
Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R) . This model
allocates pension costs over the service period of
employees in the plan. The underlying principle is
that employees render service ratably over this period
and, therefore, the income statement effects of
pensions should follow a similar pattern.

FAS 158 was issued on September 29, 2006, and
became effective for us on December 31, 2006. FAS 158
requires us to recognize the funded status of our
pension and postretirement benefit plans on our
balance sheet. Additionally, FAS 158 will require us to use a year-end measurement date beginning in 2008. We
conformed our pension asset and our pension and
postretirement liabilities to FAS 158 and recorded a
corresponding reduction of $402 million (after tax) to
the December 31, 2006, balance of cumulative other
comprehensive income in stockholders  equity. The
adoption of FAS 158 did not change the amount of net
periodic benefit expense recognized in our income
statement.

One of the principal components of the net
periodic pension expense calculation is the expected
long-term rate of return on plan assets. The use of an
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets may
cause us to recognize pension income returns that are
greater or less than the actual returns of plan assets
in any given year.

The expected long-term rate of return is designed
to approximate the actual long-term rate of return
over time and is not expected to change significantly.
Therefore, the pattern of income/expense recognition
should closely match the stable pattern of services
provided by our employees over the life of our pension
obligation. To determine if the expected rate of
return is reasonable, we consider such factors as (1)
long-term historical return experience for major asset
class categories (for example, large cap and small cap
domestic equities, international equities and domestic
fixed income), and (2) forward-looking return
expectations for these major asset classes.
Differences in each year, if any, between expected and
actual returns are included in our net actuarial gain
or loss amount, which is recognized in other
comprehensive income. We generally amortize any net
actuarial gain or loss in excess of a 5% corridor (as
defined in FAS 87) in net periodic pension expense
calculations over the next five years.

We use a discount rate to determine the present
value of our future benefit obligations. The discount
rate reflects the rates available at the measurement
date on long-term high-quality fixed-income debt
instruments and is reset annually on the measurement
date (November 30). In 2008, we will use December 31
as our measurement date as required under FAS 158.

Income Taxes 

We file a consolidated federal income tax return
and, in certain states, combined state tax returns.

We account for income taxes in accordance with
FAS 109,  Accounting for Income Taxes , as interpreted
by FIN 48, resulting in two components of income tax
expense: current and deferred. Current income tax
expense approximates taxes to be paid or refunded for
the current period and includes income tax expense
related to our uncertain tax positions. We determine
deferred income taxes using the balance sheet method.
Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or
liability is based on the tax effects of the
differences between the book and tax bases of assets
and liabilities, and recognizes enacted changes in tax
rates and laws in the period in which they occur.
Deferred income tax expense results from changes in
deferred tax assets and liabilities between periods.
Deferred tax assets are recognized subject to
management s judgment that realization is more likely
than not. A tax position that meets the  more likely
than not  recognition threshold is measured to
determine the amount of benefit to recognize. The tax
position is measured at the largest amount of benefit
that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon
settlement. Foreign taxes paid are generally applied
as credits to reduce federal income taxes payable.
Interest and penalties are recognized as a component
of income tax expense.

Stock-Based Compensation 

We have stock-based employee compensation
plans, as more fully discussed in Note 19.
Prior to January 1, 2006, we accounted for stock
options and stock awards under the recognition and
measurement provisions of Accounting Principles Board
Opinion No. 25,  Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees  (APB 25), and related interpretations, as
permitted by FAS 123,  Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation . Under this guidance, no stock option
expense was recognized in our income statement for
periods prior to January 1, 2006, as all options
granted under our plans had an exercise price equal to
the market value of the underlying common stock on the

82 

date of grant. Effective January 1, 2006, we adopted
FAS 123(R),  Share-Based Payment , using
the  modified prospective  transition method.
Accordingly, compensation cost recognized in 2006 and
2007 includes (1) compensation cost for share-based
payments granted prior to, but not yet vested as of
the adoption date of January 1, 2006, based on the
grant date fair value estimated in accordance with FAS
123, and (2) compensation cost for all share-based
awards granted on or after January 1, 2006. Results
for prior periods have not been restated. In
calculating the common stock equivalents for purposes of diluted earnings per share, we
selected the transition method provided by FASB
Staff Position FAS 123(R)-3,  Transition Election
Related to Accounting for the Tax Effects of
Share-Based Payment Awards .

As a result of adopting FAS 123(R) on January 1,
2006, income before income taxes of $11.6 billion and
net income of $8.1 billion for 2007 was $129 million
and $80 million lower, respectively, than if we had
continued to account for share-based compensation
under APB 25, and, for 2006, income before income
taxes of $12.7 billion and net income of $8.4 billion
was $134 million and $84 million lower, respectively.
Basic and diluted earnings per share for 2007 of
$2.41 and $2.38, respectively, were both $0.025 per
share lower than if we had not adopted FAS 123(R),
and, for 2006, basic and diluted earnings per share
of $2.50 and $2.47, respectively, were also both
$0.025 per share lower.

Pro forma net income and earnings per common
share information are provided in the following
table as if we accounted for employee stock option
plans under the fair value method of FAS 123 in
2005. 

(in millions, except per share amounts) 
       
     Year ended December 31, 2005   

Net income, as reported

$7,671 

Add: Stock-based employee compensation
expense included in reported net
income, net of tax

1 

Less: Total stock-based employee
compensation expense under the
fair value method for all awards,
net of tax

(188 
     ) 

Net income, pro forma

$7,484 

Earnings per common share

As reported

$ 2.27 

Pro forma

2.22 

Diluted earnings per common share

As reported

$ 2.25 

Pro forma

2.19 

Stock options granted in each of our
February 2005 and February 2004 annual grants, under
our Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan),
fully vested upon grant, resulting
in full recognition of stock-based compensation
expense for both grants in the year of the grant
under the fair value method in the table above. Stock
options granted in our 2003 annual grant under the
Plan vest over a three-year period, and expense
reflected in the table for this grant is recognized
over the vesting period.

Earnings Per Common Share 

We present earnings per common share and diluted
earnings per common share. We compute earnings per
common share by dividing net income (after deducting
dividends on preferred stock) by the average number of
common shares outstanding during the year. We compute
diluted earnings per common share by dividing net
income (after deducting dividends on preferred stock)
by the average number of common shares outstanding
during the year, plus the effect of common stock

equivalents (for example, stock options,
restricted share rights and convertible
debentures) that are dilutive.

Derivatives and Hedging Activities 

We recognize all derivatives in the balance sheet
at fair value. On the date we enter into a derivative
contract, we designate the derivative as (1) a hedge
of the fair value of a recognized asset or liability,
including hedges of foreign currency exposure ( fair
value  hedge), (2) a hedge of a forecasted transaction
or of the variability of cash flows to be received or
paid related to a recognized asset or liability ( cash
flow  hedge), or (3) held for trading, customer
accommodation or asset/liability risk management
purposes, including economic hedges not qualifying
under FAS 133,  Accounting for Derivative Instruments
and Hedging Activities  ( free-standing derivative ).
For a fair value hedge, we record changes in the fair
value of the derivative and, to the extent that it is
effective, changes in the fair value of the hedged
asset or liability attributable to the hedged risk, in
current period earnings in the same financial
statement category as the hedged item. For a cash flow
hedge, we record changes in the fair value of the
derivative to the extent that it is effective in other
comprehensive income, with any ineffectiveness
recorded in current period earnings. We subsequently
reclassify these changes in fair value to net income
in the same period(s) that the hedged transaction
affects net income in the same financial statement
category as the hedged item. For free-standing
derivatives, we report changes in the fair values in
current period noninterest income.

For fair value and cash flow hedges qualifying
under FAS 133, we formally document at inception the
relationship between hedging instruments and hedged
items, our risk management objective, strategy and
our evaluation of effectiveness for our hedge
transactions. This includes linking all derivatives
designated as fair value or cash flow hedges to
specific assets and liabilities in the balance sheet
or to specific forecasted transactions. Periodically,
as required, we also formally assess whether the
derivative we designated in each hedging relationship
is expected to be and has been highly effective in
offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of
the hedged item using the regression analysis method
or, in limited cases, the dollar offset method.

We discontinue hedge accounting prospectively
when (1) a derivative is no longer highly effective in
offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows of
a hedged item, (2) a derivative expires or is sold,
terminated, or exercised, (3) a derivative is
de-designated as a hedge, because it is unlikely that
a forecasted transaction will occur, or (4) we
determine that designation of a derivative as a hedge
is no longer appropriate.

83 

When we discontinue hedge accounting because a
derivative no longer qualifies as an effective fair
value hedge, we continue to carry the derivative in
the balance sheet at its fair value with changes in
fair value included in earnings, and no longer adjust
the previously hedged asset or liability for changes
in fair value. Previous adjustments to the hedged item
are accounted for in the same manner as other
components of the carrying amount of the asset or
liability.

When we discontinue cash flow hedge accounting
because the hedging instrument is sold, terminated, or
no longer designated (de-designated), the amount
reported in other comprehensive income up to the date
of sale, termination or de-designation continues to be
reported in other comprehensive income until the
forecasted transaction affects earnings.

When we discontinue cash flow hedge accounting
because it is probable that a forecasted transaction
will not occur, we continue to carry the derivative in
the balance sheet at its fair value with changes in
fair value included in earnings, and immediately
recognize gains and losses that were accumulated in
other comprehensive income in earnings.

In all other situations in which we discontinue
hedge accounting, the derivative will be carried at
its fair value in the balance sheet, with changes in
its fair value recognized in current period earnings.

We occasionally purchase or originate financial
instruments that contain an embedded derivative. At
inception of

the financial instrument, we assess (1) if the
economic characteristics of the embedded derivative
are not clearly and closely related to the economic
characteristics of the financial instrument (host
contract), (2) if the financial instrument that
embodies both the embedded derivative and the host
contract is not measured at fair value with changes in
fair value reported in earnings, and (3) if a separate
instrument with the same terms as the embedded
instrument would meet the definition of a derivative.
If the embedded derivative meets all of these
conditions, we separate it from the host contract by
recording the bifurcated derivative at fair value and
the remaining host contract at the difference between
the basis of the hybrid instrument and the fair value
of the bifurcated derivative. The bifurcated
derivative is carried as a free-standing derivative at
fair value with changes recorded in current period
earnings.

Note 2:    Business Combinations

We regularly explore opportunities to acquire
financial services companies and businesses.
Generally, we do not make a public announcement about
an acquisition opportunity until a definitive
agreement has been signed.

Business combinations completed in 2007,
2006 and 2005 are presented below.

For information on additional consideration
related to acquisitions, which is considered to be a
guarantee, see Note 15.

(1) 
       
     Consists of six acquisitions of insurance brokerage and third
party health care payment processing businesses. 

(2) 
       
     Consists of seven acquisitions of insurance brokerage
businesses. 

(3) 
       
     Consists of eight acquisitions of insurance brokerage and lockbox processing businesses. 

84 

Note
3:    Cash, Loan and Dividend Restrictions

Federal Reserve Board regulations require that
each of our subsidiary banks maintain reserve
balances on deposits with the Federal Reserve Banks.
The average required reserve balance was $2.0 billion
in 2007 and $1.7 billion in 2006.

Federal law restricts the amount and the terms of
both credit and non-credit transactions between a bank
and its nonbank affiliates. They may not exceed 10% of
the bank s capital and surplus (which for this purpose
represents Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital, as calculated
under the risk-based capital guidelines, plus the
balance of the allowance for credit losses excluded
from Tier 2 capital) with any single nonbank affiliate
and 20% of the bank s capital and surplus with all its
nonbank affiliates. Transactions that are extensions
of credit may require collateral to be held to provide
added security to the bank. (For further discussion of
risk-based capital, see Note 26.)

Dividends paid by our subsidiary banks are subject to
various federal and state regulatory limitations. Dividends that may
be paid by a national bank without the express approval of the Office of the Comptroller of the

Currency (OCC) are limited to that bank s retained net
profits for the preceding two calendar years plus
retained net profits up to the date of any dividend
declaration in the current calendar year. Retained net
profits, as defined by the OCC, consist of net income
less dividends declared during the period. We also
have state-chartered subsidiary banks that are subject
to state regulations that limit dividends. Under those
provisions, our national and state-chartered
subsidiary banks could have declared additional
dividends of $2.2 billion at December 31, 2007,
without obtaining prior regulatory approval. Our
nonbank subsidiaries are also limited by certain
federal and state statutory provisions and regulations
covering the amount of dividends that may be paid in
any given year. Based on retained earnings at December
31, 2007, our nonbank subsidiaries could have
declared additional dividends of $3.7 billion at
December 31, 2007, without obtaining prior approval.

Note 4:  
       
     Federal Funds Sold, Securities Purchased Under Resale Agreements and Other Short-Term Investments 

The table below provides the detail of
federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale
agreements and other short-term investments.

For resale agreements, which represent collateralized financing
    transactions, we hold collateral in the form of securities that
    we have the right to sell or repledge of $1.1 billion at
    December 31, 2007, and $1.8 billion at
    December 31, 2006, of which we sold or repledged
    $705 million and $1.4 billion, respectively.

85 

Note 5:    Securities Available for Sale

The following table provides the cost and fair
value for the major categories of securities available
for sale carried at fair value. The net unrealized
gains (losses) are reported on an after-tax basis as a component of cumulative

other comprehensive income. There were no securities
classified as held to maturity as of the periods
presented.

(1) 
       
     Most of the private collateralized mortgage obligations are AAA-rated bonds collateralized
by 1-4 family residential first mortgages. 

(2) 
       
     At December 31, 2007, we held no securities of any single issuer (excluding the U.S. Treasury
and federal agencies) with a book value that exceeded 10% of stockholders  equity. 

The following table shows the gross
unrealized losses and fair value of securities in the
securities available-for-sale portfolio at December
31, 2007 and 2006, by length of time

that individual securities in each category had
been in a continuous loss position.

86 

The decline in fair value for the debt
securities that had been in a continuous loss position
for 12 months or more at December 31, 2007, was due to
changes in market interest rates and not due to the
credit quality of the securities. We believe that the
principal and interest on these securities are fully
collectible and we have the intent and ability to
retain our investment for a period of time to allow
for any anticipated recovery in market value. We have
reviewed these securities in accordance with our
policy and do not consider them to be
other-than-temporarily impaired.

Securities pledged where the secured party has
the right to sell or repledge totaled $5.8 billion at
December 31, 2007 and $5.3 billion at December 31,
2006. Securities pledged where the secured party does
not have the right to sell or repledge totaled $44.9
billion at December 31, 2007, and $29.3 billion at
December 31, 2006, primarily to secure trust and
public deposits and for other purposes as required or
permitted by law.

The following table shows the net realized
gains on the sales of securities from the
securities available-for-sale portfolio, including
marketable equity securities.

The following table shows the remaining
contractual principal maturities and contractual
yields of debt securities available for sale. The
remaining contractual principal maturities for
mortgage-backed securities were allocated assuming no
prepayments. Remaining expected maturities will
differ from contractual maturities because borrowers
may have the right to prepay obligations before the
underlying mortgages mature.

(1) 
       
     The weighted-average yield is computed using the contractual life amortization method. 

87 

Note 6:    Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses

A summary of the major categories of loans
outstanding is shown in the following table.
Outstanding loan balances reflect unearned income, net
deferred loan fees, and unamortized discount and
premium totaling $4,083 million and $3,113 million at
December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

Loan concentrations may exist when there are
amounts loaned to borrowers engaged in similar
activities or similar types of loans extended to a
diverse group of borrowers that would cause them to be
similarly impacted by economic or other conditions. At
December 31, 2007 and 2006, we did not have
concentrations representing 10% or more of our total
loan portfolio in commercial loans and lease financing
by industry or commercial
real estate loans (other real estate mortgage and
real estate construction) by state or property type.
Our real estate 1-4 family mortgage loans to borrowers
in the state of California represented approximately
13% of total loans at December 31, 2007, compared with
11% at December 31, 2006. These loans are generally
diversified among the larger metropolitan areas in

California, with no single area consisting of more than 3% of total loans.
Changes in real estate values and underlying economic
conditions for these areas are monitored continuously
within our credit risk management process. In 2007, the
residential real estate markets experienced
significant declines in property values, and several
markets in California, specifically the Central Valley
and several Southern California metropolitan
statistical areas, experienced more severe value
adjustments.

Some of our real estate 1-4 family mortgage
loans, including first mortgage and home equity
products, include an interest-only feature as part of
the loan terms. At December 31, 2007, such loans were
approximately 20% of total loans, compared with 19% at
December 31, 2006. Substantially all of these loans
are considered to be prime or near prime. We do not
make or purchase option adjustable-rate mortgage
products, nor do we make or purchase variable-rate
mortgage products with fixed payment amounts, commonly
referred to within the financial services industry as
negative amortizing mortgage loans.

For certain extensions of credit, we may
require collateral, based on our assessment of a
customer s credit risk. We hold various types of
collateral, including accounts receivable, inventory,
land, buildings, equipment, autos, financial
instruments, income-producing commercial properties
and residential real estate. Collateral requirements
for each customer may vary according to the specific
credit underwriting, terms and structure of loans
funded immediately or under a commitment to fund at a
later date.

A commitment to extend credit is a legally
binding agreement to lend funds to a customer, usually
at a stated interest rate and for a specified purpose.
These commitments have fixed expiration dates and
generally require a fee. When we make such a
commitment, we have credit risk. The liquidity
requirements or credit risk will be lower than the
contractual

amount of commitments to extend credit because a
significant portion of these commitments are expected
to expire without being used. Certain commitments are
subject to loan agreements with covenants regarding
the financial performance of the customer or borrowing
base formulas that must be met before we are required
to fund the commitment. We use the same credit
policies in extending credit for unfunded commitments
and letters of credit that we use in making loans. For
information on standby letters of credit, see Note 15.

In addition, we manage the potential risk in
credit commitments by limiting the total amount of
arrangements, both by individual customer and in
total, by monitoring the size and maturity structure
of these portfolios and by applying the same credit
standards for all of our credit activities.

88 

The total of our unfunded loan commitments, net
of all funds lent and all standby and commercial
letters of credit issued under the terms of these
commitments, is summarized by loan category in the
following table:

We have an established process to determine
the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses that
assesses the risks and losses inherent in our
portfolio. We combine estimates of the allowances
needed for loans analyzed on a pooled basis and loans
analyzed individually (including impaired loans) to
determine the adequacy of the total allowance.

A significant portion of the allowance is
estimated at a pooled level for consumer loans and
some segments of commercial small business loans. We
use forecasting models to measure the losses inherent in these portfolios.
We validate and update these models periodically to
capture recent behavioral characteristics of the
portfolios, such as updated credit bureau information,
actual changes in underlying economic or market
conditions and changes in our loss mitigation
strategies. The increase in provision for 2007 was a
significant credit event where home equity credit
losses emerged in excess of previous estimates and the
allowance was increased primarily to reflect this
increase in inherent losses.

The remaining portion of the allowance is for
commercial loans, commercial real estate loans and
lease financing. We initially estimate this portion of
the allowance by applying historical loss factors
statistically derived from tracking losses associated
with actual portfolio movements over a specified
period of time, using a standardized loan grading
process. Based on this process, we assign loss factors
to each pool of graded loans and a loan equivalent
amount for unfunded loan commitments and letters of
credit. These estimates are then adjusted or
supplemented where necessary from additional analysis
of long-term average loss experience, external loss
data, or other risks identified from current
conditions and trends in selected portfolios,
including management s judgment for imprecision and
uncertainty.

We assess and account for as impaired certain
nonaccrual commercial and commercial real estate loans
that are over $3 million and certain consumer,
commercial and commercial real estate loans whose
terms have been modified in a troubled debt
restructuring. We include the impairment on these
nonperforming loans in the allowance unless it has
already been recognized as a loss.

The potential risk from unfunded loan
commitments and letters of credit for wholesale loan
portfolios is considered along with the loss analysis
of loans outstanding. Unfunded commercial loan
commitments and letters of credit are converted to a
loan equivalent factor as part of the analysis. The
reserve for unfunded credit commitments was $211
million at December 31, 2007, and $200 million at
December 31, 2006.

Reflected in the two portions of the allowance
previously described is an amount for imprecision or
uncertainty that incorporates the range of probable
outcomes inherent in estimates used for the
allowance, which may change from period to period.
This amount is the result of our judgment of risks
inherent in the portfolios, economic uncertainties,
historical loss experience and other subjective
factors, including industry trends, calculated to better reflect our
view of risk in each loan portfolio.

Like all national banks, our subsidiary
national banks continue to be subject to examination
by their primary regulator, the OCC, and some have
OCC examiners in residence. The OCC examinations
occur throughout the year and target various
activities of our subsidiary national banks,
including both the loan grading system and specific
segments of the loan portfolio (for example,
commercial real estate and shared national credits).
The Parent and our nonbank subsidiaries are examined
by the Federal Reserve Board.

We consider the allowance for credit losses of
$5.52 billion adequate to cover credit losses inherent
in the loan portfolio, including unfunded credit
commitments, at December 31, 2007.

Nonaccrual loans were $2,679 million and $1,666
million at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively.
Loans past due 90 days or more as to interest or
principal and still accruing interest were $6,393
million at December 31, 2007, and $5,073 million at
December 31, 2006. The 2007 and 2006 balances included
$4,834 million and $3,913 million, respectively, in
advances pursuant to our servicing agreements to the
Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA)
mortgage pools whose repayments are insured by the
Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the
Department of Veterans Affairs.

89 

The allowance for credit losses consists of the allowance for loan losses and the reserve for
unfunded credit commitments. Changes in the allowance for credit losses were:

(1) 
       
     In 2004, we transferred the portion of the allowance for loan losses related to commercial
lending commitments and letters of credit to other liabilities. 

The recorded investment in impaired loans
included in nonaccrual loans and the methodology
used to measure impairment was:

The average recorded investment in these
impaired loans during 2007, 2006 and 2005 was $313
million, $173 million and $260 million, respectively.

When the ultimate collectibility of the total
principal of an impaired loan is in doubt, all
payments are applied to principal, under the cost
recovery method. When the ultimate collectibility of
the total principal of an impaired loan is not in
doubt, contractual interest is credited to interest
income when received, under the cash basis method.
Total interest income recognized for impaired loans in
2007, 2006 and 2005 under the cash basis method was
not significant.

90 

Note 7:    Premises, Equipment, Lease Commitments and Other Assets

Depreciation and amortization expense for
premises and equipment was $828 million, $737 million
and $810 million in 2007, 2006 and 2005,
respectively.

Net gains on dispositions of premises and
equipment, included in noninterest expense, were $3
million, $13 million and $56 million in 2007, 2006
and 2005, respectively.

We have obligations under a number of
noncancelable operating leases for premises and
equipment. The terms of these leases are predominantly
up to 15 years, with the longest up to 72 years, and
many provide for periodic adjustment of rentals based
on changes in various economic indicators. Some leases
also include a renewal option. The following table
provides the future minimum payments under capital
leases and noncancelable operating leases, net of
sublease rentals, with terms greater than one year as
of December 31, 2007.

Operating lease rental expense (predominantly
for premises), net of rental income, was $673 million,
$631 million and $583 million in 2007, 2006 and 2005,
respectively.

The components of other assets were:

(1) 
       
     At December 31, 2007 and 2006, $5.9
billion and $4.5 billion, respectively, of
nonmarketable equity investments, including all
federal bank stock, were accounted for at cost. 

(2) 
       
     Consistent with regulatory reporting
requirements, foreclosed assets include foreclosed
real estate securing GNMA loans. Both principal and
interest for GNMA loans secured by the foreclosed
real estate are collectible because the GNMA loans
are insured by the Federal Housing Administration or
guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 

Income related to nonmarketable equity investments was:

91 

Note 8:    Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities

We routinely originate, securitize and sell into
the secondary market home mortgage loans and, from
time to time, other financial assets, including
student loans, commercial mortgages and auto
receivables. We typically retain the servicing rights
from these sales and may continue to hold other
interests. Through these securitizations, which are
structured without recourse to us and with no
restrictions on the other interests held, we may be
exposed to a liability under standard representations
and warranties we make to purchasers and issuers. The
amount recorded for this liability was not material to
our consolidated financial statements at year-end 2007
or 2006. In response to the reduced liquidity in the
capital markets, for certain sales and securitizations
of nonconforming mortgage loans, we retained the
subordinate bonds on these securitizations. At
December 31, 2007, the total book value of these other
interests held (subordinate bonds) was $486 million.

We recognized net gains of $10 million and $399
million from sales of financial assets in
securitizations in 2007 and 2006, respectively.
Additionally, we had the following cash flows with
our securitization trusts.

In the normal course of creating securities
to sell to investors, we may sponsor special-purpose
entities that hold, for the benefit of the investors,
financial instruments that are the source of payment
to the investors. Special-purpose entities are
consolidated unless they meet the criteria for a
qualifying special-purpose entity in accordance with
FAS 140 or are not required to be consolidated under
existing accounting guidance.

For securitizations completed in 2007 and
2006, we used the following assumptions to
determine the fair value of mortgage servicing
rights and other interests held at the date of
securitization.

Key economic assumptions and the sensitivity
of the current fair value to immediate adverse
changes in those assumptions at December 31, 2007,
for residential and commercial mortgage servicing
rights, and other interests held related to
residential mortgage loan securitizations are
presented in the following table.

(1) 
       
     Constant prepayment rate. 

(2) 
       
     Represents weighted averages for all other interests held resulting from securitizations
completed in 2007 and 2006. 

92 

The sensitivities in the table to the
left are
hypothetical and should be relied on with caution.
Changes in fair value based on a 10% variation in
assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because
the relationship of the change in the assumption to
the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in
the table to the left, the effect of a variation in a
particular assumption on the fair value of the other
interests held is calculated independently without
changing any other assumption. In reality, changes in
one factor may result in changes in another (for
example, changes in prepayment speed estimates could
result in changes in the discount rates), which might
magnify or counteract the sensitivities.

We also retained some AAA-rated floating-rate
mortgage-backed securities. The fair value at the
date of securitization was determined using quoted
market prices. The key

economic assumptions at
December 31, 2007, for these securities related to
residential mortgage loan securitizations are
presented in the following table.

($ in millions) 
       
     Other interests held - AAA 

mortgage-backed securities 

Fair value of interests held

$7,423 

Expected weighted-average life (in years)

10.3 

Prepayment speed assumption (annual CPR)

26.7 
     % 

The table below presents information about
the principal balances of owned and securitized
loans.

(1) 
       
     Represents loans in the balance sheet or that have been securitized, but excludes
securitized loans that we continue to service but as to which we have no other continuing
involvement. 

(2) 
       
     Includes nonaccrual loans and loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing. 

We are a primary beneficiary in certain
special-purpose entities that are consolidated because
we absorb a majority of each entity s expected losses,
receive a majority of each entity s
expected returns or both. We do not hold a
majority voting interest in these entities. Our
consolidated variable interest entities, substantially
all of which were formed to invest in securities and
to securitize real estate investment trust securities,
had approximately $3.5 billion and $3.4 billion in
total assets at December 31, 2007 and 2006,
respectively. The primary activities of these entities
consist of acquiring and disposing of, and investing
and reinvesting in securities, and issuing beneficial
interests secured by those securities to investors.
The creditors of a significant portion of these
consolidated entities have no recourse against us.

We also hold variable interests greater than 20%
but less than 50% in certain special-purpose entities
predominantly formed to invest in affordable housing
and sustainable energy projects, and to securitize
corporate debt that had approximately $5.8 billion and
$2.9 billion in total assets at December 31, 2007 and
2006, respectively. We are not required to consolidate
these entities. Our maximum exposure to loss as a
result of our involvement with these unconsolidated
variable interest entities was approximately $2.0
billion and $980 million at December 31, 2007 and
2006, respectively, primarily representing investments
in entities formed to invest in affordable housing and
sustainable energy projects. However, we expect to
recover our investment in these entities over time,
primarily through realization of federal tax credits.

93 

Note
9:    Mortgage Banking Activities

Mortgage banking activities, included in the
Community Banking and Wholesale Banking operating
segments, consist of residential and commercial
mortgage originations and servicing.

Effective January 1, 2006, upon adoption of FAS
156, we remeasured our residential mortgage servicing
rights (MSRs) at fair value and recognized a pre-tax
adjustment of $158 million to residential MSRs and
recorded a corresponding cumulative effect adjustment
of $101 million (after tax) to increase the 2006
beginning balance of retained earnings in
stockholders  equity. The table below reconciles the
December 31, 2005, and the January 1, 2006, balance of
MSRs.

The changes in residential MSRs measured
using the fair value method were:

(1) 
       
     Principally reflects changes in
discount rates and prepayment speed
assumptions, mostly due to changes in interest
rates. 

(2) 
       
     Represents changes due to
collection/realization of expected cash flows over
time. 

The changes in amortized MSRs were:

(1) 
       
     Based on December 31, 2007, assumptions, the
weighted-average amortization period for MSRs added
during the year was approximately 10.8 years. 

The components of our managed servicing portfolio were:

(1) 
       
     Consists of 1-4 family first mortgage and
commercial mortgage loans. 

(2) 
       
     Consists of mortgages held for sale and 1-4
family first mortgage loans. 

94 

The components of mortgage banking noninterest income were:

(1) 
       
     Includes contractually specified servicing fees, late charges and other ancillary revenues.
Also includes impairment write-downs on other interests held of $26 million for 2006. There were no
impairment write-downs for 2007 or 2005. 

(2) 
       
     Principally reflects changes in discount rates and prepayment speed
assumptions, mostly due to changes in interest rates. 

(3) 
       
     Represents changes due to collection/realization of expected cash flows over
time. 

(4) 
       
     Results related to MSRs fair value hedging activities under FAS 133,  Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities  (as amended), consist of gains and losses excluded from the
evaluation of hedge effectiveness and the ineffective portion of the change in the value of these
derivatives. Gains and losses excluded from the evaluation of hedge effectiveness are those caused
by market conditions (volatility) and the spread between spot and forward rates priced into the
derivative contracts (the passage of time). See Note 16   Fair Value Hedges for additional
discussion and detail. 

(5) 
       
     Represents results from free-standing derivatives (economic hedges) used to hedge the risk of
changes in fair value of MSRs. See Note 16   Free-Standing Derivatives for additional discussion
and detail. 

Note
10:    Intangible Assets

The gross carrying amount of intangible
assets and accumulated amortization was:

(1) 
       
     See Note 9 for additional information on MSRs. 

The following table provides the
current year and estimated future amortization
expense for amortized intangible assets.

(1) 
       
     Includes amortized commercial MSRs and credit card and other intangibles. 

We based our projections of amortization
expense shown above on existing asset balances at
December 31, 2007. Future amortization expense may
vary based on additional core deposit or other
intangibles acquired through business combinations.

95 

Note
11:    Goodwill

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill as allocated to our operating segments for
goodwill impairment analysis were:

For goodwill impairment testing,
enterprise-level goodwill acquired in business
combinations is allocated to reporting units based on
the relative fair value of assets acquired and
recorded in the respective reporting units. Through
this allocation, we assigned enterprise-level goodwill
to the reporting units that are expected to benefit
from the synergies of the combination. We used
discounted estimated future net cash flows to evaluate
goodwill reported at all reporting units.

For our goodwill impairment analysis, we allocate
all of the goodwill to the individual operating
segments. For management reporting we do not allocate
all of the goodwill to the individual operating
segments; some is allocated at the enterprise level.
See Note 24 for further information on management
reporting. The balances of goodwill for management
reporting were:

96 

Note
12:    Deposits  

The total of time certificates of deposit and other time deposits issued by domestic offices was
$46,351 million and $51,188 million at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Substantially all
of these deposits were interest bearing. The contractual maturities of these deposits follow.

Of these deposits, the amount of time deposits with a denomination of $100,000 or more was $16,890
million and $26,522 million at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The contractual maturities
of these deposits follow.

Time certificates of deposit and other time deposits issued by foreign offices with a denomination
of $100,000 or more represent a major portion of all of our foreign deposit liabilities of $54,549
million and $26,200 million at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

Demand deposit overdrafts of $845 million and $673 million were included as loan balances at
December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

Note 13:    Short-Term Borrowings  

The table below shows selected information for short-term borrowings, which generally mature in
less than 30 days.

97 

Note 14:    Long-Term Debt  

Following is a summary of our long-term debt based on original maturity (reflecting unamortized
debt discounts and premiums, where applicable):

(1) 
       
     We entered into interest rate swap agreements for substantially all of these notes, whereby we
receive fixed-rate interest payments approximately equal to interest on the notes and make interest
payments based on an average one-month or three-month London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). 

(2) 
       
     We entered into interest rate swap agreements for a significant portion of these notes, whereby
we receive variable-rate interest payments and make interest payments based on a fixed rate. 

(3) 
       
     The extendable notes are floating-rate securities with an initial maturity of 13 or 24 months,
which can be extended on a rolling monthly or quarterly basis, respectively, to a final maturity of
five years at the investor s option. 

(4) 
       
     Consists of long-term notes where the performance of the note is linked to an embedded equity,
commodity, or currency index, or basket of indices accounted for separately from the note as a
free-standing derivative. For information on embedded derivatives,
see Note 16   Free-standing
derivatives. 

(5) 
       
     On April 15, 2003, we issued $3 billion of convertible senior debentures as a private
placement. In November 2004, we amended the indenture under which the debentures were issued to
eliminate a provision in the indenture that prohibited us from paying cash upon conversion of the
debentures if an event of default as defined in the indenture exists at the time of conversion. We
then made an irrevocable election under the indenture on December 15, 2004, that upon conversion of
the debentures, we must satisfy the accreted value of the obligation (the amount accrued to the
benefit of the holder exclusive of the conversion spread) in cash and may satisfy the conversion
spread (the excess conversion value over the accreted value) in either cash or stock. All or some
of the convertible debt securities may be redeemed in certain circumstances for cash at any time on
or after May 5, 2008, at their principal amount plus accrued interest, if any. 

(6) 
       
     Effective
December 31, 2003, as a result of the adoption of FIN 46 (revised December 2003),  Consolidation of
Variable Interest Entities  (FIN 46(R)), we deconsolidated certain wholly-owned trusts formed for
the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities (the Trusts). The junior subordinated
debentures held by the Trusts are included in the Company s long-term debt.

(7) 
       
     On December 5, 2006, Wells Fargo Capital X issued 5.95% Capital Securities and used the
proceeds to purchase from the Parent 5.95% Capital Efficient Notes (the Notes) due 2086 (scheduled
maturity 2036). When it issued the Notes, the Parent entered into a Replacement Capital Covenant
(the Covenant) in which it agreed for the benefit of the holders of the Parent s 5.625% Junior
Subordinated Debentures due 2034 that it will not repay, redeem or repurchase, and that none of its
subsidiaries will purchase, any part of the Notes or the Capital Securities on or before December
1, 2066, unless the repayment, redemption or repurchase is made from the net cash proceeds of the
issuance of certain qualified securities and pursuant to the other terms and conditions set forth
in the Covenant. For more information, refer to the Covenant, which was filed as Exhibit 99.1 to
the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 5, 2006. 

(8) 
       
     On May 25, 2007, Wells Fargo Capital XI issued 6.25% Enhanced Trust Preferred Securities
(Enhanced TRUPS   ) (the 2007 Capital Securities) and used the proceeds to purchase from the Parent
6.25% Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures due 2067 (the 2007 Notes). When it issued
the 2007 Notes, the Parent entered into a Replacement Capital Covenant (the 2007 Covenant) in which
it agreed for the benefit of the holders of the Parent s 5.625% Junior Subordinated Debentures due
2034 that it will not repay, redeem or repurchase, and that none of its subsidiaries will purchase,
any part of the 2007 Notes or the 2007 Capital Securities on or before June 15, 2057, unless the
repayment, redemption or repurchase is made from the net cash proceeds of the issuance of certain
qualified securities and pursuant to the other terms and conditions set forth in the 2007 Covenant.
For more information, refer to the 2007 Covenant, which was filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 25, 2007. 

98  
  (continued on following page)  

(continued from previous page) 

The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt obligations (based on final maturity dates) as of
December 31, 2007, follow.

The interest rates on floating-rate notes are determined periodically by formulas based on certain
money market rates, subject, on certain notes, to minimum or maximum interest rates.

As part of our long-term and short-term borrowing arrangements, we are subject to various financial
and operational covenants. Some of the agreements under which debt has been issued have provisions
that may limit the merger or sale of certain subsidiary banks and the issuance of capital stock or
convertible securities by certain subsidiary banks. At December 31, 2007, we were in compliance
with all the covenants.

99 

Note 15:  Guarantees and Legal Actions  

The significant guarantees we provide to third parties include standby letters of credit, various
indemnification agreements, guarantees accounted for as derivatives, additional consideration
related to business combinations and contingent performance guarantees.

We issue standby letters of
credit, which include performance and financial guarantees, for customers in connection with
contracts between the customers and third parties. Standby letters of credit assure that the third
parties will receive specified funds if customers fail to meet their contractual obligations. We
are obligated to make payment if a customer defaults. Standby letters of credit were $12.5 billion
at December 31, 2007, and $12.0 billion at December 31, 2006, including financial guarantees of
$6.5 billion and $7.2 billion, respectively, that we had issued or purchased participations in.
Standby letters of credit are net of participations sold to other institutions of $1.4 billion at
December 31, 2007, and $2.8 billion at December 31, 2006. We consider the credit risk in standby
letters of credit in determining the allowance for credit losses. We also had commitments for
commercial and similar letters of credit of $955 million at December 31, 2007, and $801 million at
December 31, 2006.

We enter into indemnification agreements in the ordinary course of business under which we agree to
indemnify third parties against any damages, losses and expenses incurred in connection with legal
and other proceedings arising from relationships or transactions with us. These relationships or
transactions include those arising from service as a director or officer of the Company,
underwriting agreements relating to our securities, securities lending, acquisition agreements, and
various other business transactions or arrangements. Because the extent of our obligations under
these agreements depends entirely upon the occurrence of future events, our potential future
liability under these agreements is not determinable.

We write options, floors and caps. Periodic settlements occur on floors and caps based on market
conditions. The fair value of the written options liability in our balance sheet was $700 million
at December 31, 2007, and $556 million at December 31, 2006. The aggregate fair value of the
written floors and caps liability was $280 million and $86 million for the same periods,
respectively. Our ultimate obligation under written options, floors and caps is based on future
market conditions and is only quantifiable at settlement. The notional value related to written
options was $30.7 billion at December 31, 2007, and $47.3 billion at December 31, 2006, and the
aggregate notional value related to written floors and caps was $26.5 billion and $11.9 billion for
the same periods, respectively. We offset substantially all options written to customers with
purchased options.

We also enter into credit default swaps under which we buy loss protection from or sell loss
protection to a counterparty in the event of default of a reference obligation. The fair value of
the contracts sold was a liability of $20 million at December 31, 2007, and $2 million at December
31, 2006. The maximum amount we would be required 

to pay under the swaps in which we sold protection,
assuming all reference obligations default at a total loss, without recoveries, was $873 million
and $599 million, based on notional value, at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. We
purchased credit default swaps of comparable notional amounts to mitigate the exposure of the
written credit default swaps at December 31, 2007 and 2006. These purchased credit default swaps
had terms (i.e., used the same reference obligation and maturity) that would offset our exposure
from the written default swap contracts in which we are providing protection to a counterparty.

In connection with certain brokerage, asset management, insurance agency and other acquisitions we
have made, the terms of the acquisition agreements provide for deferred payments or additional
consideration, based on certain performance targets. At December 31, 2007 and 2006, the amount of
additional consideration we expected to pay was not significant to our financial statements.

We have entered into various contingent performance guarantees through credit risk participation
arrangements with remaining terms up to 22 years. We will be required to make payments under these
guarantees if a customer defaults on its obligation to perform under certain credit agreements with
third parties. The extent of our obligations under these guarantees depends entirely on future
events and was contractually limited to an aggregate liability of approximately $50 million at
December 31, 2007, and $125 million at December 31, 2006.

In the normal course of business, we are subject to pending and threatened legal actions, some for
which the relief or damages sought are substantial. After reviewing pending and threatened actions
with counsel, and any specific reserves established for such matters, management believes that the
outcome of such actions will not have a material adverse effect on the results of operations or
stockholders  equity. We are not able to predict whether the outcome of such actions may or may not
have a material adverse effect on results of operations in a particular future period as the timing
and amount of any resolution of such actions and its relationship to the future results of
operations are not known.

Wells Fargo is a member of the Visa USA network. On October 3, 2007, the Visa organization of
affiliated entities completed a series of global restructuring transactions to combine its
affiliated operating companies, including Visa USA, under a single holding company, Visa Inc. Visa
Inc. intends to issue and sell a majority of its shares to the public in an initial public offering
(IPO). We have an approximate 2.8% ownership interest in Visa Inc., which is included in our
balance sheet at a nominal amount.

We obtained concurrence from the staff of the SEC concerning our
accounting for the Visa restructuring transactions, including (1) judgment sharing agreements
previously executed among the Company, Visa Inc. and its

100 

predecessors (collectively Visa) and
certain other member banks of the Visa USA network, (2) litigation, and (3) an escrow account that
will be established by Visa Inc. at the time of its IPO. The escrow account will be funded from IPO
proceeds and will be used to make payments related to Visa litigation. We recorded litigation
liabilities associated with indemnification obligations related to agreements entered into during
second quarter 2006 and third quarter 2007. Based on our proportionate membership share of Visa
USA, we recorded a litigation liability and corresponding expense

of $95 million for 2006 and $203
million for 2007. The effect to the second quarter 2006 was estimated based upon our share of an
actual settlement reached in November 2007. Management does not believe that the fair value of this
obligation if determined in second quarter 2006 would have been materially different given
information available at that time. Management has concluded, and the Audit and Examination
Committee of our Board of Directors has concurred, that these amounts are immaterial to the periods
affected.

Note 16:    Derivatives  

Our approach to managing interest rate risk includes the use of derivatives. This helps minimize
significant, unplanned fluctuations in earnings, fair values of assets and liabilities, and cash
flows caused by interest rate volatility. This approach involves modifying the repricing
characteristics of certain assets and liabilities so that changes in interest rates do not have a
significant adverse effect on the net interest margin and cash flows. As a result of interest rate
fluctuations, hedged assets and liabilities will gain or lose market value. In a fair value hedging
strategy, the effect of this unrealized gain or loss will generally be offset by the gain or loss
on the derivatives linked to the hedged assets and liabilities. In a cash flow hedging strategy, we
manage the variability of cash payments due to interest rate fluctuations by the effective use of
derivatives linked to hedged assets and liabilities.

We use derivatives as part of our interest rate risk management, including interest rate swaps,
caps and floors, futures and forward contracts, and options. We also offer various derivatives,
including interest rate, commodity, equity, credit and foreign exchange contracts, to our customers
but usually offset our exposure from such contracts by purchasing other financial contracts. The
customer accommodations and any offsetting financial contracts are treated as free-standing
derivatives. Free-standing derivatives also include derivatives we enter into for risk management
that do not otherwise qualify for hedge accounting, including economic hedge derivatives. To a
lesser extent, we take positions based on market expectations or to benefit from price
differentials between financial instruments and markets. Additionally, free-standing derivatives
include embedded derivatives that are required to be separately accounted for from their host
contracts.

By using derivatives, we are exposed to credit risk if counterparties to financial instruments do
not perform as expected. If a counterparty fails to perform, our credit risk is equal to the fair
value gain in a derivative contract. We minimize credit risk through credit approvals, limits and
monitoring procedures. Credit risk related to derivatives is considered and, if material, provided
for separately. As we generally enter into transactions only with counterparties that carry high
quality credit ratings, losses from counterparty nonperformance on derivatives have not been
significant.

Further, we obtain collateral, where appropriate, to reduce risk. To the extent the master netting
arrangements and other criteria meet the requirements of FASB Interpretation No. 39,  Offsetting of
Amounts Related to Certain Contracts , as amended by FASB Interpretation No. 41,  Offsetting of
Amounts Related to Certain Repurchase and Reverse Repurchase Agreements , amounts are shown net in
the balance sheet.

Our derivative activities are monitored by Corporate ALCO. Our Treasury function, which includes
asset/liability management, is responsible for various hedging strategies developed through
analysis of data from financial models and other internal and industry sources. We incorporate the
resulting hedging strategies into our overall interest rate risk management and trading strategies.

Fair Value Hedges 

Prior to January 1, 2006, we used derivatives as fair value hedges to manage the risk of changes in
the fair value of residential MSRs and other interests held. These derivatives included interest
rate swaps, swaptions, Eurodollar and Treasury futures and options, and forward contracts.
Derivative gains or losses caused by market conditions (volatility) and the spread between spot and
forward rates priced into the derivative contracts (the passage of time) were excluded from the
evaluation of hedge effectiveness, but were reflected in earnings. Upon adoption of FAS 156,
derivatives used to hedge our residential MSRs are no longer accounted for as fair value hedges
under FAS 133, but as economic hedges. Net derivative gains and losses related to our residential
mortgage servicing activities are included in  Servicing income, net  in Note 9.

We use interest rate swaps to convert certain of our fixed-rate long-term debt and certificates of
deposit to floating rates to hedge our exposure to interest rate risk. We also enter into
cross-currency swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps to hedge our exposure to foreign
currency risk and interest rate risk associated with the issuance of non-U.S. dollar denominated
long-term debt. Prior to January 1, 2007, the ineffective portion of these fair value hedges was
recorded as part of interest expense in the income statement. Subsequent to January 1, 2007, the
ineffective portion of

101 

these fair value hedges is recorded as part of noninterest income. We made
this change after converting these hedge relationships to the long-haul method of assessing hedge
effectiveness, which results in recognition of more ineffectiveness compared to the short-cut
method. Consistent with our asset/liability management strategy of converting fixed-rate debt to
floating-rates, we believe interest expense should reflect only the current contractual interest
cash flows on
the liabilities and the related swaps. In addition, we use derivatives, such as Treasury and LIBOR
futures and swaps, to hedge changes in fair value due to changes in interest rates of our
commercial real estate mortgage loans held for sale. Prior to March 31, 2007, we used derivatives,
such as Treasury and LIBOR futures and swaps, to hedge changes in fair value due to changes in
interest rates of our franchise loans held for sale. Based upon a change in our intent, these loans
have since been reclassified to held for investment, and therefore we no longer hedge these loans.
The ineffective portion of these fair value hedges is recorded as part of mortgage banking
noninterest income in the income statement. Finally, we use interest rate swaps to hedge against
changes in fair value of certain debt securities that are classified as securities available for
sale, primarily municipal bond securities beginning in second quarter 2006 and commercial
mortgage-backed securities beginning in fourth quarter 2007, due to changes in interest rates. The
ineffective portion of these fair value hedges is recorded in  Net gains (losses) on debt
securities available for sale  in the income statement. For fair value hedges of long-term debt and
certificates of deposit, commercial real estate loans, franchise loans and debt securities, all
parts of each derivative s gain or loss due to the hedged risk are included in the assessment of
hedge effectiveness.

For the previously mentioned fair value hedging relationships, we use regression analysis to assess
hedge effectiveness, both at inception of the hedging relationship and on an ongoing basis. The
regression analysis involves regressing the periodic change in fair value of the hedging instrument
against the periodic changes in fair value of the asset or liability being hedged due to changes in
the hedged risk(s). The assessment includes an evaluation of the quantitative measures of the
regression results used to validate the conclusion of high effectiveness.

Prior to June 1, 2006, we
used the short-cut method of assessing hedge effectiveness for certain fair value hedging
relationships of U.S. dollar denominated fixed-rate long-term debt and certificates of deposits.
The short-cut method allows an entity to assume perfect hedge effectiveness if certain qualitative
criteria are met, and accordingly, does not require quantitative measures such as regression
analysis. We used the short-cut method only when appropriate, based on the qualitative assessment
of the criteria in paragraph 68 of FAS 133, performed at inception of the hedging relationship and
on an ongoing basis. Effective January 1, 2006, for any new hedging relationships of these types,
we used the long-haul method to assess hedge effectiveness. By June 1, 2006, we stopped using the
short-cut method by de-designating all

remaining short-cut relationships and re-designating them to
use the long-haul method to evaluate hedge effectiveness.

We enter into equity collars to lock in share prices between specified levels for certain equity
securities. As permitted, we include the intrinsic value only (excluding time value) when assessing
hedge effectiveness. We assess hedge effectiveness based on a dollar-offset ratio, at inception of
the hedging relationship and on an ongoing basis, by comparing cumulative changes in the intrinsic
value of the equity collar with changes in the fair value of the hedged equity securities. The net
derivative gain or loss related to the equity collars is recorded in other noninterest income in
the income statement.

At
December 31, 2007, all designated fair value hedges continued to
qualify as fair value hedges.

Cash Flow Hedges 

We use derivatives, such as forwards, options and Eurodollar and Treasury futures, to hedge forecasted sales of mortgage loans. We hedge floating-rate senior debt against
future interest rate increases by using interest rate swaps to convert floating-rate senior debt to
fixed rates and by using interest rate caps and floors to limit variability of rates. We also use
interest rate swaps and floors to hedge the variability in interest payments received on certain
floating-rate commercial loans, due to changes in interest rates. Upon adoption of FAS 159 on
January 1, 2007, derivatives used to hedge the forecasted sales of prime residential MHFS
originated subsequent to January 1, 2007, were accounted for as economic hedges. We previously
accounted for these derivatives as cash flow hedges under FAS 133. Gains and losses on derivatives
that are reclassified from cumulative other comprehensive income to current period earnings, are
included in the line item in which the hedged item s effect in earnings is recorded. All parts of
gain or loss on these derivatives are included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. For all
cash flow hedges, we assess hedge effectiveness using regression analysis, both at inception of the
hedging relationship and on an ongoing basis. The regression analysis involves regressing the
periodic changes in cash flows of the hedging instrument against the periodic changes in cash flows
of the forecasted transaction being hedged due to changes in the hedged risk(s). The assessment
includes an evaluation of the quantitative measures of the regression results used to validate the
conclusion of high effectiveness. As of December 31, 2007, all designated cash flow hedges
continued to qualify as cash flow hedges.

We expect that $63 million of deferred net gains on derivatives in other comprehensive income at
December 31, 2007, will be reclassified as earnings during the next twelve months, compared with
$53 million of net deferred gains and $13 million of net deferred losses at December 31, 2006 and
2005, respectively. We are
hedging our exposure to the variability of future cash flows for all forecasted transactions for a
maximum of seven years for both hedges of floating-rate senior debt and floating-rate commercial
loans.

102 

The following table provides derivative gains and losses related to fair value and cash flow hedges
resulting from the change in value of the derivatives excluded from the assessment of hedge
effectiveness and the change in value of the ineffective portion of the derivatives.

(1) 
       
     Includes hedges of long-term debt and certificates of deposit, commercial real estate and
franchise loans, and debt and equity securities, and, for 2005, residential MSRs. Upon adoption of
FAS 156, derivatives used to hedge our residential MSRs are no longer accounted for as fair value
hedges under FAS 133. 

(2) 
       
     Includes hedges of floating-rate long-term debt and floating-rate commercial loans and, for
2006 and 2005, hedges of forecasted sales of prime residential MHFS. Upon adoption of FAS 159,
derivatives used to hedge our prime residential MHFS were no longer accounted for as cash flow
hedges under FAS 133. 

Free-Standing Derivatives 

We use free-standing derivatives (economic hedges), in addition to debt securities available for
sale, to hedge the risk of changes in the fair value of residential MSRs, new prime residential
MHFS, derivative loan commitments and other interests held, with the resulting gain or loss
reflected in income.

The derivatives used to hedge residential MSRs include swaps, swaptions,
forwards, Eurodollar and Treasury futures, and options contracts. Net derivative gains of $1,154
million for 2007 and net derivative losses of $145 million for 2006 from economic hedges related to
our mortgage servicing activities are included in the income statement in  Mortgage banking.  The
aggregate fair value of these derivatives used as economic hedges was a net asset of $1,652 million
at December 31, 2007, and $157 million at December 31, 2006. Changes in fair value of debt
securities available for sale (unrealized gains and losses) are not included in servicing income,
but are reported in cumulative other comprehensive income (net of tax) or, upon sale, are reported
in net gains (losses) on debt securities available for sale.

Interest rate lock commitments for residential mortgage loans that we intend to sell are considered
free-standing derivatives. Our interest rate exposure on these derivative loan commitments, as well
as new prime residential MHFS

carried at fair value under FAS 159, is hedged with free-standing derivatives (economic hedges)
such as forwards and options, Eurodollar futures, and Treasury futures, forwards and options
contracts. The commitments, free-standing derivatives and residential MHFS are carried at fair
value with changes in fair value included in the income statement in  Mortgage banking.  We record
a zero fair value for a derivative loan commitment at inception consistent with Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 105,  Application of Accounting Principles
to Loan Commitments . Changes subsequent to inception are based on changes in fair value of the
underlying loan resulting from the exercise of the commitment and changes in the probability that
the loan will not fund within the terms of the commitment (referred to as a fall-out factor). The
value of the underlying loan is affected primarily by changes in interest rates and the passage of
time. However, changes in investor demand, such as concerns about credit risk, can also cause
changes in the spread relationships between underlying loan value and the derivative financial
instruments that cannot be hedged. The aggregate fair value of derivative loan commitments in the
balance sheet at December 31, 2007 and 2006, was a net asset of $6 million and a net liability of
$65 million, respectively, and is included in the caption  Interest rate contracts  under Customer
Accommodation, Trading and Other Free-Standing Derivatives in the following table.

We also enter
into various derivatives primarily to provide derivative products to customers. To a lesser extent,
we take positions based on market expectations or to benefit from price differentials between
financial instruments and markets. These derivatives are not linked to specific assets and
liabilities in the balance sheet or to forecasted transactions in an accounting hedge relationship
and, therefore, do not qualify for hedge accounting. We also enter into free-standing derivatives
for risk management that do not otherwise qualify for hedge accounting. They are carried at fair
value with changes in fair value recorded as part of other noninterest income in the income
statement.

Additionally, free-standing derivatives include embedded derivatives that are required
to be accounted for separate from their host contract. We periodically issue long-term notes where
the performance of the hybrid instrument notes is linked to an equity, commodity or currency index,
or basket of such indices. These notes contain explicit terms that affect some or all of the cash
flows or the value of the note in a manner similar to a derivative instrument and therefore are
considered to contain an  embedded  derivative instrument. The indices on which the performance of
the hybrid instrument is calculated are not clearly and closely related to the host debt
instrument. In accordance with FAS 133, the  embedded  derivative is separated from the host
contract and accounted for as a free-standing derivative.

103 

The total notional or contractual amounts, credit risk amount and estimated net fair value for
derivatives were:

(1) 
       
     Includes free-standing derivatives (economic hedges) used to hedge the risk of changes in the
fair value of residential MSRs, MHFS, interest rate lock commitments and other interests held. 

(2) 
       
     Credit risk amounts reflect the replacement cost for those contracts in a gain position in the
event of nonperformance by all counterparties. 

104 

Note 17:    Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities  

We use fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities
and to determine fair value disclosures. Trading assets, securities available for sale,
derivatives, prime residential mortgages held for sale (MHFS) and residential MSRs are recorded at
fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, we may be required to record at
fair value other assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as nonprime residential and commercial MHFS,
loans held for sale, loans held for investment and certain other assets. These nonrecurring fair
value adjustments typically involve application of lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or
write-downs of individual assets.

Effective January 1, 2007, upon adoption of FAS 159,
 The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities, including an amendment of
FASB Statement No. 115  (FAS 159), we elected to measure MHFS at fair value prospectively for new
prime residential MHFS originations for which an active secondary market and readily available
market prices currently exist to reliably support fair value pricing models used for these loans.
We also elected to remeasure at fair value certain of our other interests held related to
residential loan sales and securitizations. We believe the election for MHFS and other interests
held (which are now hedged with free-standing derivatives (economic hedges) along with our MSRs)
will reduce certain timing differences and better match changes in the value of these assets with
changes in the value of derivatives used as economic hedges for these assets. There was no
transition adjustment required upon adoption of FAS 159 for MHFS because we continued to account
for MHFS originated prior to 2007 at the lower of cost or market value. At December 31, 2006, the
book value of other interests held was equal to fair value and, therefore, a transition adjustment
was not required.

Upon adoption of FAS 159, we were also required to adopt FAS 157,  Fair Value
Measurements  (FAS 157). FAS 157 defines fair value, establishes a consistent framework for
measuring fair value and expands disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. Additionally,
FAS 157 amended FAS 107,  Disclosure about Fair Value of Financial Instruments  (FAS 107), and, as
such, we follow FAS 157 in determination of FAS 107 fair value disclosure amounts. The disclosures
required under FAS 159, FAS 157 and FAS 107 have been included in this Note.

Fair Value Hierarchy 

Under FAS 157, we group our assets and liabilities at fair value in three levels, based on the
markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used
to determine fair value. These levels are:

Level 1   Valuation is based upon quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active
markets. 

Level 2   Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets,
quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based
valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market. 

Level 3   Valuation is generated from model-based techniques that use significant assumptions
not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect our own estimates of
assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques
include use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques. 

Determination of Fair Value 

Under FAS 157, we base our fair values on the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid
to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. It is our policy to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when developing fair value measurements, in accordance with the fair value
hierarchy in FAS 157.

Fair value measurements for assets and liabilities where there exists limited
or no observable market data and, therefore, are based primarily upon our own estimates, are often
calculated based on current pricing policy, the economic and competitive environment, the
characteristics of the asset or liability and other such factors. Therefore, the results cannot be
determined with precision and may not be realized in an actual sale or immediate settlement of the
asset or liability. Additionally, there may be inherent weaknesses in any calculation technique,
and changes in the underlying assumptions used, including discount rates and estimates of future
cash flows, that could significantly affect the results of current or future values.

Following is a description of valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities recorded at
fair value and for estimating fair value for financial instruments not recorded at fair value (FAS
107 disclosures).

Assets 

SHORT-TERM FINANCIAL ASSETS    Short-term financial assets include cash and due from banks, federal
funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements and due from customers on acceptances.
These assets are carried at historical cost. The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair
value because of the relatively short time between the origination of the instrument and its
expected realization.

TRADING ASSETS    Trading assets are recorded at fair value and consist primarily of securities and
derivatives held for trading purposes. The valuation method for trading securities is the same as
the methodology used for securities classified as available for sale (see the following page). The valuation
methodology for derivatives is described in the following  Derivatives  section.

105 

SECURITIES AVAILABLE FOR SALE    Securities available for sale are recorded at fair value on a
recurring basis. Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices
are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based
valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s
credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors such as credit loss assumptions. Level 1
securities include those traded on an active exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange, as well
as U.S. Treasury, other U.S. government and agency mortgage-backed securities that are traded by
dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets. Level 2 securities include private
collateralized mortgage obligations, municipal bonds and corporate debt securities. Securities
classified as Level 3 are primarily private placement asset-backed securities where we underwrite
the underlying collateral (auto lease receivables) and residual certificated interests in our
residential mortgage loan securitizations.

MORTGAGES HELD FOR SALE (MHFS)    Under FAS 159, we elected to carry our new prime residential MHFS
portfolio at fair value. The remaining MHFS are carried at the lower of cost or market value. Fair
value is based on independent quoted market prices, where available, or the prices for other
mortgage
whole loans with similar characteristics. As necessary, these prices are adjusted for typical
securitization activities, including servicing value, portfolio composition, market conditions and
liquidity. Nearly all of our MHFS are classified as Level 2. For a minor portion where market
pricing data is not available, we use a discounted cash flow model to estimate fair value and,
accordingly, classify as Level 3.

LOANS HELD FOR SALE    Loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or market value. The fair
value of loans held for sale is based on what secondary markets are currently offering for
portfolios with similar characteristics. As such, we classify loans subjected to nonrecurring fair
value adjustments as Level 2.

LOANS    For the carrying value of loans, see Note 1   Loans. We do not record loans at fair value on
a recurring basis. As such, valuation techniques discussed herein for loans are primarily for
estimating fair value for FAS 107 disclosure purposes. However, from time to time, we record
nonrecurring fair value adjustments to loans to reflect (1) partial write-downs that are based on
the observable market price or current appraised value of the collateral, or (2) the full
charge-off of the loan carrying value.

The fair value estimates for FAS 107 purposes differentiates loans based on their financial
characteristics, such as product classification, loan category, pricing features and remaining
maturity. Prepayment and credit loss estimates are evaluated by product and loan rate.

The fair value of commercial and commercial real estate loans is calculated by discounting
contractual cash flows using discount rates that reflect our current pricing for loans with similar
characteristics and remaining maturity.

For real estate 1-4 family first and junior lien mortgages, fair value is calculated by discounting
contractual cash flows, adjusted for prepayment and credit loss estimates, using discount rates
based on current industry pricing (where readily available) or our own estimate of an appropriate
risk-adjusted discount rate for loans of similar size, type, remaining maturity and repricing
characteristics.

For credit card loans, the portfolio s yield is equal to our current pricing and, therefore, the
fair value is equal to book value adjusted for estimates of credit losses inherent in the portfolio
at the balance sheet date.

For all other consumer loans, the fair value is generally calculated by discounting the contractual
cash flows, adjusted for prepayment and credit loss estimates, based on the current rates we offer
for loans with similar characteristics.

Loan commitments, standby letters of credit and commercial and similar letters of credit not
included in the following table had contractual values of $241.9 billion, $12.5 billion and $955
million, respectively, at December 31, 2007, and $216.5 billion, $12.0 billion and $801 million,
respectively, at December 31, 2006. These instruments generate ongoing fees at our current pricing
levels, which are recognized over the term of the commitment period. Of the commitments at December
31, 2007, 40% mature within one year. Deferred fees on commitments and standby letters of credit
totaled $33 million and $39 million at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The fair value of
these instruments is estimated based upon fees charged for similar agreements. The carrying value
of the deferred fees is a reasonable estimate of the fair value of the commitments.

DERIVATIVES    Quoted market prices are available and used for our exchange-traded derivatives, such
as certain interest rate futures and option contracts, which we classify as Level 1. However,
substantially all of our derivatives are traded in over-the-counter markets where quoted market
prices are not readily available. For those derivatives, we measure fair value using internally
developed models that use primarily market observable inputs, such as yield curves and option
volatilities, and, accordingly, classify as Level 2. Examples of Level 2 derivatives are basic
interest rate swaps and forward contracts. Any remaining derivative fair value measurements using
significant assumptions that are unobservable we classify as Level 3. Level 3 derivatives include
interest rate lock commitments written for our residential mortgage loans that we intend to sell.

MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS AND CERTAIN OTHER INTERESTS HELD IN SECURITIZATIONS    Mortgage servicing
rights (MSRs) and certain other interests held in securitizations (e.g., interest-only strips) do
not trade in an active market with readily observable prices. Accordingly, we determine the fair
value of MSRs

106 

using a valuation model that calculates the present value of estimated future net
servicing income. The model incorporates assumptions that market participants use in estimating
future net servicing income, including estimates of prepayment speeds (including housing price volatility), discount rate, cost to
service (including delinquency and
foreclosure costs), escrow account earnings, contractual servicing fee
income, ancillary income and late fees. Since the adoption of FAS 156 on January 1, 2006, we record
residential MSRs at fair value on a recurring basis. Commercial MSRs continue to be carried at
lower of cost or market value, and therefore can be subject to fair value measurements on a
nonrecurring basis. For other interests held in securitizations (such as interest-only strips) we
use a valuation model that calculates the present value of estimated future cash flows. The model
incorporates our own estimates of assumptions market participants use in determining the fair
value, including estimates of prepayment speeds, discount rates, defaults and contractual fee
income. Interest-only strips are recorded as trading assets. Fair value measurements of our MSRs
and interest-only strips use significant unobservable inputs and, accordingly, we classify as Level
3. We may also retain securities from our loan securitization activities. The valuation technique
for these securities is discussed in  Securities available for sale .

FORECLOSED ASSETS    Foreclosed assets include foreclosed properties securing residential, auto and
GNMA loans. Foreclosed assets are adjusted to fair value less costs to sell upon transfer of the
loans to foreclosed assets. Subsequently, foreclosed assets are carried at the lower of carrying
value or fair value less costs to sell. Fair value is generally based upon independent market
prices or appraised values of the collateral and, accordingly, we classify foreclosed assets as
Level 2.

NONMARKETABLE EQUITY INVESTMENTS    Nonmarketable equity investments are recorded under the cost or
equity method of accounting. There are generally restrictions on the sale and/or liquidation of
these investments, including federal bank stock. Federal bank stock carrying value approximates
fair value. We use facts and circumstances available to estimate the fair value of our
nonmarketable equity investments. We typically consider our access to and need for capital
(including recent or projected financing activity), qualitative assessments of the viability of the
investee, evaluation of the financial statements of the investee and prospects for its future.

Liabilities 

DEPOSIT LIABILITIES    Deposit liabilities are carried at historical cost. FAS 107 states that the
fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as noninterest-bearing demand deposits,
interest-bearing checking, and market rate and other savings, is equal to the amount payable on
demand at the measurement date. The fair value of other time deposits is calculated based on the
discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rate is estimated using the rates
currently offered for like wholesale deposits with similar remaining maturities.

SHORT-TERM FINANCIAL LIABILITIES    Short-term financial liabilities are carried at historical cost
and include federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements, commercial
paper and other short-term borrowings. The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value
because of the relatively short time between the origination of the instrument and its expected
realization.

OTHER LIABILITIES    Other liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, excluding
derivative liabilities (see  Derivatives  section for derivative liabilities), includes liabilities
for securities sold, but not yet purchased (short sale liabilities), and repurchase obligations
(due to standard representations and warranties) under our residential mortgage loan contracts.
Short sale liabilities are priced based upon quoted prices in active exchange markets of the
underlying security and are classified as Level 1. The value of the repurchase obligations is
determined using a cash flow valuation technique consistent with what market participants would use
in estimating the fair value. Key assumptions in the valuation process are estimates for repurchase
demands and losses subsequent to repurchase. Such assumptions are unobservable and, accordingly, we
classify repurchase obligations as Level 3.

LONG-TERM DEBT    Long-term debt is carried at amortized cost. However, we are required to estimate
the fair value of long-term debt under FAS 107. Generally, the discounted cash flow method is used
to estimate the fair value of our long-term debt. Contractual cash flows are discounted using rates
currently offered for new notes with similar remaining maturities and, as such, these discount
rates include our current spread levels. The fair value estimates generated are corroborated
against observable market prices. For foreign-currency denominated debt, we estimate fair value
based upon observable market prices for the instruments.

Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

The table below presents the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring basis.

(1) 
       
     Derivatives are included in this category. 

(2) 
       
     Asset-backed securities where we underwrite the underlying collateral (auto lease receivables)
represent substantially all of this balance. 

107 

The changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are
summarized as follows:

(1) 
       
     Represents only net gains (losses) that are due to changes in economic conditions and
management s estimates of fair value and excludes changes due to the collection/realization of cash
flows over time. 

(2) 
       
     Included in other noninterest income in the income statement. 

(3) 
       
     Represents loans previously classified as Level 2 that became unsaleable during 2007; therefore
the fair value measurement was derived from discounted cash flow models using unobservable inputs
and assumptions. 

(4) 
       
     Included in mortgage banking in the income statement. 

(5) 
       
     Represents total unrealized losses of $571 million, net of gains of $23 million related to
sales, for 2007. 

Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

We may be required, from time to time, to measure certain assets at fair value on a nonrecurring
basis in accordance with GAAP. These adjustments to fair value usually result from application of
lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. The valuation methodologies

used to measure these fair value adjustments are described previously in this Note. For assets
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in 2007 that were still held in the balance sheet at
year end, the following table provides the level of valuation assumptions used to determine each
adjustment and the carrying value of the related individual assets or portfolios at year end.

(1) 
       
     Represents carrying value and related write-downs of loans for which adjustments are based on
the appraised value of the collateral. The carrying value of loans fully charged-off, which
includes auto loans and unsecured lines and loans, is zero. 

(2) 
       
     Represents the fair value and related losses of foreclosed real estate and other collateral
owned that were measured at fair value subsequent to their initial classification as foreclosed
assets. 

108 

Fair Value Option 

The following table reflects the differences between fair value carrying amount of MHFS measured at
fair value under FAS 159 and the aggregate unpaid principal amount we are contractually entitled to
receive at maturity.

(1) 
       
     The difference between fair value carrying amount and aggregate unpaid principal includes
changes in fair value recorded at and subsequent to funding, gains and losses on the related loan
commitment prior to funding, and premiums on acquired loans. 

FAS 107,  Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The table below is a summary of fair value estimates as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, for
financial instruments, as defined by FAS 107, excluding short-term financial assets and
liabilities, for which carrying amounts approximate fair value, and excluding financial instruments
recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The carrying amounts in the following table are
recorded in the balance sheet under the indicated captions.

The assets accounted for under FAS 159 are initially measured at fair value. Gains and losses from
initial measurement and subsequent changes in fair value are recognized in earnings. The changes in
fair values related to initial measurement and subsequent changes in fair value that are included
in current period earnings for these assets measured at fair value are shown, by income statement
line item, below.

(in millions) 
                
     Year ended December 31, 2007 

Mortgages 

Other 

held for 

interests 

sale 

held 

Changes in fair value
included in net income:

Mortgage banking noninterest income:

Net gains on mortgage loan
origination/sales activities  (1) 

$986 

$ 

Other noninterest income

(153 
     ) 

(1) 
       
     Includes changes in fair value of servicing associated with MHFS. 

Interest income on mortgages held for sale measured at fair value is calculated based on the note
rate of the loan and is recorded in interest income in the income statement.

In accordance with FAS 107, we have not included assets and liabilities that are not financial
instruments in our disclosure, such as the value of the long-term relationships with our deposit,
credit card and trust customers, amortized MSRs, premises and equipment, goodwill and other
intangibles, deferred taxes and other liabilities. Additionally, the amounts in the table have not
been updated since year end, therefore the valuations may have changed significantly since that
point in time. For these reasons, the total of the fair value calculations presented does not
represent, and should not be construed to represent, the underlying value of the Company.

(1) 
       
     Balance excludes mortgages held for sale for which the fair value option under FAS 159 was
elected, and therefore includes nonprime residential and commercial mortgages held for sale. 

(2) 
       
     The carrying amount and fair value exclude obligations under capital leases of $20 million and
$12 million at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. 

109 

Note
18:    Preferred Stock  

We are authorized to issue 20 million shares of preferred stock and 4 million shares of preference
stock, both without par value. Preferred shares outstanding rank senior to common shares both as to
dividends and liquidation preference but have no general voting rights. We have not issued any
preference shares under this authorization.

ESOP CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK    All shares of our ESOP (Employee Stock Ownership Plan)
Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (ESOP Preferred Stock) were issued to a trustee acting on
behalf of the Wells Fargo   Company 401(k) Plan (the 401(k) Plan). Dividends on the ESOP Preferred
Stock are cumulative from the date of initial issuance and are payable quarterly at annual rates
ranging

from 8.50% to 12.50%, depending upon the year of issuance. Each share of ESOP Preferred
Stock released from the unallocated reserve of the 401(k) Plan is converted into shares of our
common stock based on the stated value of the ESOP Preferred Stock and the then current market
price of our common stock. The ESOP Preferred Stock is also convertible at the option of the holder
at any time, unless previously redeemed. We have the option to redeem the ESOP Preferred Stock at
any time, in whole or in part, at a redemption price per share equal to the higher of (a) $1,000
per share plus accrued and unpaid
dividends or (b) the fair market value, as defined in the Certificates of Designation for the ESOP
Preferred Stock.

(1) 
       
     Liquidation preference $1,000. At December 31, 2007 and 2006, additional paid-in capital
included $32 million and $27 million, respectively, related to preferred stock. 

(2) 
       
     In accordance
with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) Statement of Position 93-6,
 Employers  Accounting for Employee Stock Ownership Plans , we recorded a corresponding charge to
unearned ESOP shares in connection with the issuance of the ESOP Preferred Stock. The unearned ESOP
shares are reduced as shares of the ESOP Preferred Stock are committed to be released. For
information on dividends paid, see Note 19. 

Note 19:    Common Stock and Stock Plans  

Common Stock 

The table to the right presents our reserved, issued and authorized shares of common stock at December 31, 2007.

(1) 
       
     Includes employee option, restricted shares and restricted share rights, 401(k), profit sharing
and compensation deferral plans. 

(2) 
       
     On January 22, 2008, the Board of Directors authorized an additional 100,000 shares of common
stock for issuance under the Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan for compensation
deferrals only. 

(3) 
       
     Includes 10,285,112 shares available for future awards at December 31, 2007, under the
 PartnerShares  Stock Option Plan. No awards have been granted under this plan since 2002, and as a
result of action taken by the Board of Directors on January 22, 2008, no future awards will be
granted under this plan. 

110 

Dividend Reinvestment and Common Stock Purchase Plans 

Participants in our dividend reinvestment and common stock direct purchase plans may purchase
shares of our common stock at fair market value by reinvesting dividends and/or making optional
cash payments, under the plan s terms.

Employee Stock Plans 

We offer the stock-based employee compensation plans described below. Effective
January 1, 2006, we adopted FAS 123(R),  Share-Based Payment , using the  modified prospective 
transition method. FAS 123(R) requires that we measure the cost of employee services received in
exchange for an award of equity instruments, such as stock options or restricted share rights
(RSRs), based on the fair value of the award on the grant date. The cost is normally recognized in
our income statement over the vesting period of the award; awards with graded vesting are expensed
on a straight-line method. Awards to retirement-eligible employees are subject to immediate
expensing upon grant. Total stock option compensation expense was $129 million in 2007 and $134
million in 2006, with a related recognized tax benefit of $49 million and $50 million for the same
years, respectively. Stock option expense is based on the fair value of the awards at the date of
grant. Prior to January 1, 2006, we did not record any compensation expense for stock options.

LONG-TERM
INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN    Our Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan provides for awards of
incentive and nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares, RSRs,
performance awards and stock awards without restrictions. Options must have an exercise price at or
above fair market value (as defined in the plan) of the stock at the date of grant (except for
substitute or replacement options granted in connection with mergers or other acquisitions) and a
term of no more than 10 years. Except for options granted in 2004 and 2005, which generally vested
in full upon grant, options generally become exercisable over three years beginning on the first
anniversary of the date of grant. Except as otherwise permitted under the plan, if employment is
ended for reasons other than retirement, permanent disability or death, the option period is
reduced or the options are canceled.

Options granted prior to 2004 may include the right to acquire
a  reload  stock option. If an option contains the reload feature and if a participant pays all or
part of the exercise price of the option with shares of stock purchased in the market or held by
the participant for at least six months and, in either case, not used in a similar transaction in
the last six months, upon exercise of the option, the participant is granted a new option to
purchase, at the fair market value of the stock as of the date of the reload, the number of shares
of stock equal to the sum of the number of shares used in payment of the exercise price and a
number of shares with respect to related statutory minimum withholding taxes. Reload grants are
fully vested upon grant and are expensed immediately under FAS 123(R) beginning in 2006.

The total number of shares of common stock available for grant under the plan at December 31, 2007,
was 145,278,124.

Holders of RSRs are entitled to the related shares of common stock at no cost generally over three
to five years after the RSRs were granted. Holders of RSRs granted prior to July 2007 may be
entitled to receive cash payments equal to the cash dividends that would have been paid had the
RSRs been issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Except in limited circumstances, RSRs are
canceled when employment ends.

The compensation expense for RSRs equals the quoted market price of
the related stock at the date of grant and is accrued over the vesting period. Total compensation
expense for RSRs was not significant in 2007 or 2006.

For various acquisitions and mergers, we converted employee and director stock options of acquired
or merged companies into stock options to purchase our common stock based on the terms of the
original stock option plan and the agreed-upon exchange ratio.

PARTNERSHARES
 PLAN    In 1996, we adopted the  PartnerShares     Stock Option Plan, a broad-based
employee stock option plan. It covers full- and part-time employees who generally were not included
in the long-term incentive compensation plan described above. The total number of shares of common
stock authorized for issuance under the plan since inception through December 31, 2007, was
108,000,000, including 10,285,112 shares available for grant at December 31, 2007. No options have
been granted under the plan since 2002, and as a result of action taken by the Board of Directors
on January 22, 2008, no future awards will be granted under the plan. The exercise date of options
granted under the  PartnerShares  Plan is the earlier of (1) five years after the date of grant or
(2) when the quoted market price of the stock reaches a predetermined price. These options
generally expire 10 years after the date of grant. Because the exercise price of each  PartnerShares 
Plan grant has been equal to or higher than the quoted market price of our common stock at the date
of grant, we did not recognize any compensation expense in 2005 and prior years. In 2006, under FAS
123(R), we began to recognize expense related to these grants, based on the remaining vesting
period. All of our  PartnerShares  Plan grants were fully vested as of December 31, 2007.

Director Plan 

We provide a stock award to non-employee directors as part of their annual retainer under our
Directors Stock Compensation and Deferred Plan. We also provide annual grants of options to
purchase common stock to each non-employee director elected or re-elected at the annual meeting of
stockholders. The options can be exercised after six months and through the tenth anniversary of
the grant date.

111 

The table below summarizes stock option
activity and related information for 2007. Options assumed in mergers are included in the activity and related information for Incentive
Compensation Plans if originally issued under an employee plan, and in the activity and related
information for Director Plans if originally issued under a director plan.

(1) 
       
     Adjusted for estimated forfeitures. 

As of December 31, 2007, there was $126 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock
options. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.1 years.

The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2007 and 2006 was $588 million and $617 million,
respectively.

Cash received from the exercise of options for 2007 and 2006 was $1,026 million and
$1,092 million, respectively. The actual tax benefit recognized in stockholders  equity for the tax
deductions from the exercise of options totaled $210 million and $229 million, respectively, for
2007 and 2006.

We do not have a specific policy on repurchasing shares to satisfy share option
exercises. Rather, we have a general policy on repurchasing shares to meet common stock issuance
requirements for our benefit plans (including share option exercises), conversion of its
convertible securities, acquisitions, and other corporate purposes. Various factors determine the
amount and timing of our share repurchases, including our capital requirements, the number of
shares we expect to issue for acquisitions and employee benefit plans, market conditions (including
the trading price of our stock),

and legal considerations. These factors can change at any time,
and there can be no assurance as to the number of shares we will repurchase or when we will
repurchase them.

Effective with the adoption of FAS 123(R), the fair value of each option award granted on or after
January 1, 2006, is estimated using a Black-Scholes valuation model. The expected term of options
granted is
generally based on the historical exercise behavior of full-term options. Our expected volatilities
are based on a combination of the historical volatility of our common stock and implied
volatilities for traded options on our common stock. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S.
Treasury zero-coupon yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Both expected volatility and the
risk-free rates are based on a period commensurate with our expected term. The expected dividend is
based on the current dividend, our historical pattern of dividend increases and the market price of
our stock.

Prior to the adoption of FAS 123(R), we also used a Black-Scholes valuation model to estimate the
fair value of options granted for the pro forma disclosures of net income and earnings per common
share that were required by FAS 123.

112 

Effective with the adoption of FAS 123(R), we changed our method of estimating our
volatility assumption. Prior to 2006, we used a volatility based on historical stock price changes.
Effective January 1, 2006, we used a volatility based on a combination of historical stock price
changes and implied volatilities of traded options as both volatilities are relevant in estimating
our expected volatility.

The following table presents the weighted-average per share fair value of options granted and
the assumptions used, based on a Black-Scholes option valuation model.

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSRs granted during 2006 was $33.90. At
December 31, 2007, there was $2 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to
nonvested RSRs. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.0 years.
The total fair value of RSRs that vested during 2007 and 2006 was $1 million and $3 million,
respectively.

A summary of the status of our RSRs at December 31, 2007, and changes during 2007 is in the
following table:

Employee Stock Ownership Plan  

Under the Wells Fargo   Company 401(k) Plan (the 401(k) Plan), a defined contribution ESOP, the
401(k) Plan may borrow money to purchase our common or preferred stock. Since 1994, we have loaned
money to the 401(k) Plan to purchase shares of our ESOP Preferred Stock. As we release and convert
ESOP Preferred Stock into common shares, we record compensation expense equal to the current market
price of the common shares. Dividends on the common shares allocated as a result of the release and
conversion of the ESOP Preferred Stock reduce retained earnings and the shares are considered
outstanding for computing earnings per share. Dividends on the unallocated ESOP Preferred Stock do
not reduce retained earnings, and the shares are not considered to be common stock equivalents for
computing earnings per share. Loan principal and interest payments are made from our contributions
to the 401(k) Plan, along with dividends paid on the ESOP Preferred Stock. With each principal and
interest payment, a portion of the ESOP Preferred Stock is released and, after conversion of the
ESOP Preferred Stock into common shares, allocated to the 401(k) Plan participants.

The balance of ESOP shares, the dividends on allocated shares of common stock and unreleased
preferred shares paid to the 401(k) Plan and the fair value of unearned ESOP shares were:

Deferred Compensation Plan for Independent Sales Agents  

WF Deferred Compensation Holdings, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent formed
solely to sponsor a deferred compensation plan for independent sales agents who provide investment,
financial and other qualifying services for or with respect to participating affiliates. The
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Independent Contractors, which became effective January
1, 2002, allows participants to defer all or part of their eligible compensation payable to them by
a participating affiliate. The Parent has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the deferred
compensation obligations of WF Deferred Compensation Holdings, Inc. under the plan.

113 

Note
20:    Employee Benefits and Other Expenses 

Employee Benefits  

We sponsor noncontributory qualified defined benefit retirement plans including the Cash
Balance Plan. The Cash Balance Plan is an active plan that covers eligible employees (except
employees of certain subsidiaries).

Under the Cash Balance Plan, eligible employees  Cash Balance
Plan accounts are allocated a compensation credit based on a percentage of their certified
compensation. The compensation credit percentage is based on age and years of credited service. In
addition, investment credits are allocated to participants quarterly based on their accumulated
balances. Prior to January 1, 2008, employees became vested in their Cash Balance Plan accounts
after completing five years of vesting service or reaching age 65, if earlier. Effective January 1,
2008, employees become vested in their Cash Balance Plan accounts after completing three years of
vesting service or reaching age 65, if earlier.

We did not make a contribution in 2007 to our Cash
Balance Plan because a contribution was not required and the Plan was well-funded. Although we will
not be required to make a contribution in 2008 for the Cash Balance Plan, our decision on how much
to contribute, if any, will be based on the maximum deductible contribution under the Internal
Revenue Code, which has not yet been determined, and other factors, including the actual investment
performance of plan assets during 2008. Given these uncertainties, we cannot estimate at this time
the amount, if any, that we will contribute in 2008 to the Cash Balance Plan. The total amount
contributed for our other pension plans in 2007 was $31 million. For the unfunded nonqualified
pension plans and postretirement benefit plans, we will contribute the minimum required amount in
2008, which equals the benefits paid under the plans. In 2007, we paid $70 million in benefits for
the postretirement plans, which included $39 million in retiree contributions.

We sponsor defined contribution retirement plans including the 401(k) Plan. Under the 401(k)
Plan, after one month of service, eligible employees may contribute up to 25% of their pre-tax
certified compensation, although there may be a lower limit for certain highly compensated
employees in order to maintain the qualified status of the 401(k) Plan. Eligible employees who
complete one year of service are eligible for matching company contributions, which are generally a
100% match up to 6% of an employee s certified compensation. The matching contributions generally
vest over four years.

Expenses for defined contribution retirement plans were $426 million, $373 million and $370
million in 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

We provide health care and life insurance benefits for certain retired employees and reserve
the right to terminate or amend any of the benefits at any time.

The information set forth in the following tables is based on current actuarial reports using
the measurement date of November 30 for our pension and postretirement benefit plans.

On September 29, 2006, the FASB issued FAS 158,
 Employers  Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other
Postretirement Plans   an amendment of
FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R) , which requires us to recognize in our balance sheet as
of December 31, 2006, the funded status of our pension and other postretirement plans. Effective
January 1, 2007, we were required to recognize changes in our plans  funded status in the year in
which the changes occur in other comprehensive income.

114 

The changes in the projected benefit obligation of pension benefits and the accumulated
benefit obligation of other benefits and the fair value of plan assets during 2007 and

2006, the funded status at December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the amounts recognized in the balance
sheet at December 31, 2007, were:

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (pre tax) for the year ended
December 31, 2007 and 2006, consist of:

The net actuarial loss and net prior service
credit for the defined benefit pension plans that
will be amortized from accumulated other
comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost
in 2008 are $14 million and $5 million, respectively.
The net actuarial loss and net prior service credit
for the other postretirement plans that will be
amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income
into net periodic benefit cost in 2008 are $1 million
and $4 million, respectively.

The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the
projected benefit obligation were:

(1) 
       
     Includes both qualified and nonqualified pension benefits. 

115 

The accumulated benefit obligation for the
defined benefit pension plans was $4,734 million and
$4,550 million at December 31, 2007 and 2006,
respectively.

We seek to achieve the expected long-term rate of
return with a prudent level of risk given the benefit
obligations of the pension plans and their funded
status. We target the Cash Balance Plan s asset
allocation for a target mix range of 40 70% equities,
20 50% fixed income, and approximately 10% in real
estate, venture capital, private equity and other
investments. The target ranges referenced above
account for the employment of an asset allocation
methodology designed to overweight stocks or bonds
when a compelling opportunity exists. The Employee
Benefit Review Committee (EBRC), which includes
several members of senior management, formally reviews
the investment risk and performance of the Cash
Balance Plan on a quarterly basis. Annual Plan
liability analysis and periodic asset/liability
evaluations are also conducted.

The weighted-average allocation of plan assets was:

The table below provides information for
pension plans with benefit obligations in excess of
plan assets, substantially due to our nonqualified
pension plans.

The components of net periodic benefit cost were:

(1) 
       
     Net actuarial loss is generally amortized over five years. 

116 

The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the net periodic benefit cost were:

(1) 
       
     Includes both qualified and nonqualified pension benefits. 

The long-term rate of return assumptions
above were derived based on a combination of factors
including (1) long-term historical return experience
for major asset class categories (for example, large
cap and small cap domestic equities, international
equities and domestic fixed income), and (2)
forward-looking return expectations for these major
asset classes.

To account for postretirement health care plans
we use health care cost trend rates to recognize the
effect of expected changes in future health care costs
due to medical inflation, utilization changes, new
technology, regulatory requirements and Medicare cost
shifting. We assumed average annual increases of 8%
(before age 65) and 9% (after age 65) for health care
costs for 2008. The rates of average annual increases
are assumed to trend down 1% each year until the trend
rates reach an ultimate trend of 5% in 2011 (before
age 65) and 2012 (after age 65). Increasing the
assumed health care trend by one percentage point in
each year would increase the benefit obligation as of
December 31, 2007, by $49 million and the total of the
interest cost and service cost components of the net
periodic benefit cost for 2007 by $4 million.
Decreasing the assumed health care trend by one
percentage point in each year would decrease the
benefit obligation as of December 31, 2007, by $43
million and the total
of the interest cost and service cost components
of the net periodic benefit cost for 2007 by $3
million.

The investment strategy for assets held in the
Retiree Medical Plan Voluntary Employees  Beneficiary
Association (VEBA) trust and other pension plans is
maintained separate from the strategy for the assets
in the Cash Balance Plan. The general target asset mix
is 55 65% equities and 35 45% fixed income. In
addition, the strategy for the VEBA trust assets
considers the effect of income taxes by utilizing a
combination of variable annuity and low turnover
investment strategies. Members of the EBRC formally
review the investment risk and performance of these
assets on a quarterly basis.

Future benefits, reflecting expected future
service that we expect to pay under the pension
and other benefit plans, follow.

Other benefits payments are expected to be
reduced by prescription drug subsidies from the
federal government provided by the Medicare
Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act
of 2003, as follows:

Other Expenses  

Expenses exceeding 1% of total interest income and noninterest income in any of the years
presented that are not otherwise shown separately in the financial statements or Notes to Financial
Statements were:

117 

Note 21:    Income Taxes

The components of income tax expense were:

The tax benefit related to the exercise of employee stock options recorded in
stockholders  equity was $210 million, $229 million and $143 million for 2007, 2006 and 2005,
respectively.

We had a net deferred tax liability of $4,657 million and $5,985 million at December 31, 2007
and 2006, respectively. The deferred tax balance at December 31, 2007, reflects the adoption of FIN
48 on January 1, 2007. The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to significant
portions of deferred tax assets and liabilities are presented in the table on the right.

We have determined that a valuation reserve is not required for any of the deferred tax assets
since it is more likely than not that these assets will be realized principally through carry back
to taxable income in prior years, future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, and,
to a lesser extent, future taxable income and tax planning strategies. Our conclusion that it is
 more likely than not  that the deferred tax assets will be realized is based on federal taxable
income in excess of $20 billion in the carry-back period, substantial state taxable income in the
carry-back period and historical earnings growth.

Deferred taxes related to net unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale
and derivatives are recorded in cumulative other comprehensive income.

The table below reconciles the statutory federal income tax expense and rate to the effective
income tax expense and rate.

Income tax expense for 2007 and the effective tax rate included FIN 48 tax benefits of $235
million, as well as the impact of lower pre-tax earnings in relation to the level of tax-exempt
income and tax credits. The tax benefits were primarily related to the resolution of certain
matters with federal and state taxing authorities and statute expirations, reduced by accruals for
uncertain tax positions, in accordance with FIN 48.

118 

We adopted FIN 48,  Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes , on January 1, 2007.
Implementation of FIN 48 did not result in a
cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings at
the date of adoption.

The change in unrecognized tax
benefits in 2007 follows:

(1) 
       
     Prior year additions include $22 million of acquired unrecognized tax benefits. 

Of the $2,695 million of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2007, approximately
$1,363 million of the unrecognized tax benefits would, if recognized, affect the effective tax
rate. Also included in the unrecognized tax benefits are $22 million of liabilities that, if
recognized, would be recorded as an adjustment to goodwill. The remaining $1,310 million of
unrecognized tax benefits relates to income tax positions on temporary differences.

We recognize interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense. At the end of 2007
and 2006 we accrued approximately $230 million and $262 million for

the payment of interest,
respectively. Interest income of $34 million was recognized for 2007 as a component of income tax
expense.

We are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax in numerous state and
foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, we are not subject to federal income tax examinations
for taxable years prior to 2005, foreign income tax examinations for taxable years prior to 2004,
or state and local income tax examinations prior to 2003.

We are routinely examined by tax
authorities in various jurisdictions. The IRS recently began its examination of our 2005 and 2006
consolidated federal income tax returns. We are also litigating or appealing various issues related
to our prior IRS examinations for the periods 1997-2004. We have paid the IRS the contested income
tax associated with these issues and refund claims have been filed for the respective years. We do
not anticipate that the current examination or the resolution of the contested issues will be
completed in the next 12 months. We are also under examination in numerous other taxing
jurisdictions. While it is possible that one or more of these examinations may be resolved within
the next 12 months, we do not anticipate that these examinations will significantly impact our
uncertain tax positions. We are estimating that our unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by
approximately $100 to $200 million during the next 12 months primarily related to statute
expirations. It is also reasonably possible that the decreases to our unrecognized tax benefits
will be more than offset by additions related to new matters arising during the current period.

Note 22:    Earnings Per Common Share 

The table below shows earnings per common share and diluted earnings per common share and
reconciles the numerator and denominator of both earnings per common share calculations.

At December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, options to purchase 13.8 million, 6.7 million and 9.7
million shares, respectively, were outstanding but not included in the calculation of diluted
earnings per common share because the exercise price was higher than the market price, and
therefore they were antidilutive.

119 

Note 23:    Other Comprehensive Income 

The components of other comprehensive income and the related tax effects were:

Cumulative other comprehensive income balances were:

120 

Note 24:    Operating Segments 

We have three lines of business for management reporting: Community Banking, Wholesale Banking
and Wells Fargo Financial. The results for these lines of business are based on our management
accounting process, which assigns balance sheet and income statement items to each responsible
operating segment. This process is dynamic and, unlike financial accounting, there is no
comprehensive, authoritative guidance for management accounting equivalent to generally accepted
accounting principles. The management accounting process measures the performance of the operating
segments based on our management structure and is not necessarily comparable with similar
information for other financial services companies. We define our operating segments by product
type and customer segments. If the management structure and/or the allocation process changes,
allocations, transfers and assignments may change. To reflect a change in the allocation of income
taxes for management reporting adopted in 2007, results for prior periods have been revised.

The Community Banking Group  offers a complete line of diversified financial products and
services to consumers and small businesses with annual sales generally up to $20 million in which
the owner generally is the financial decision maker. Community Banking also offers investment
management and other services to retail customers and high net worth individuals, securities
brokerage through affiliates and venture capital financing. These products and services include the
 Wells Fargo Advantage
Funds   SM  , a family of mutual funds, as well as personal trust and
agency assets. Loan products include lines of credit, equity lines and loans, equipment and
transportation (recreational vehicle and marine) loans, education loans, origination and purchase
of residential mortgage loans and servicing of mortgage loans and credit cards. Other credit
products and financial services available to small businesses and their owners include receivables
and inventory financing, equipment leases, real estate financing, Small Business Administration
financing, venture capital financing, cash management, payroll services, retirement plans, Health
Savings Accounts and merchant payment processing. Consumer and business deposit products include
checking accounts, savings deposits, market rate accounts, Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs),
time deposits and debit cards.

Community Banking serves customers through a wide range of channels, which include traditional
banking stores, in-store banking centers, business centers and ATMs. Also,  Phone Bank   SM
  centers and the National Business Banking Center provide 24-hour telephone service. Online
banking services include single sign-on to online banking, bill pay and brokerage, as well as
online banking for small business.

The Wholesale Banking Group  serves businesses across the United States with annual sales
generally in excess of $10 million. Wholesale Banking provides a complete line of commercial,
corporate and real estate banking products and services. These include traditional commercial loans
and lines of credit, letters of credit, asset-based lending, equipment leasing, mezzanine
financing, high-yield debt, international trade facilities, foreign exchange services, treasury
management, investment management, institutional fixed income sales, interest rate, commodity and
equity risk management, online/electronic products such as the
 Commercial Electronic Office     ( CEO    ) portal, insurance and investment banking
services. Wholesale Banking manages and administers institutional investments, employee benefit
trusts and mutual funds, including the  Wells Fargo Advantage Funds . Wholesale Banking includes the
majority ownership interest in the Wells Fargo HSBC Trade Bank, which provides trade financing,
letters of credit and collection services and is sometimes supported by the Export-Import Bank of
the United States (a public agency of the United States offering export finance support for
American-made products). Wholesale Banking also supports the commercial real estate market with
products and services such as construction loans for commercial and residential development, land
acquisition and development loans, secured and unsecured lines of credit, interim financing
arrangements for completed structures, rehabilitation loans, affordable housing loans and letters
of credit, permanent loans for securitization, commercial real estate loan servicing and real
estate and mortgage brokerage services.

Wells Fargo Financial  includes consumer finance and auto finance operations. Consumer finance
operations make direct consumer and real estate loans to individuals and purchase sales finance
contracts from retail merchants from offices throughout the United States, and in Canada and the
Pacific Rim. Auto finance operations specialize in purchasing sales finance contracts directly from
auto dealers and making loans secured by autos in the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. Wells
Fargo Financial also provides credit cards and lease and other commercial financing.

The Consolidated Company  total of average assets includes unallocated goodwill balances held
at the enterprise level.

121 

(1) 
       
     Net interest income is the difference between interest earned on assets and the cost of
liabilities to fund those assets. Interest earned includes actual interest earned on segment assets
and, if the segment has excess liabilities, interest credits for providing funding to other
segments. The cost of liabilities includes interest expense on segment liabilities and, if the
segment does not have enough liabilities to fund its assets, a funding charge based on the cost of
excess liabilities from another segment. In general, Community Banking has excess liabilities and
receives interest credits for the funding it provides to other segments. 

(2) 
       
     The Consolidated Company balance includes unallocated goodwill held at the enterprise level of
$5.8 billion for 2007 and 2006. 

122 

Note 25:   Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements

Following are the condensed consolidating
financial statements of the Parent and Wells Fargo
Financial, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
(WFFI). In 2002, the Parent issued a full and
unconditional guarantee of all outstanding term debt
securities and commercial paper of WFFI. WFFI ceased
filing periodic reports under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and is no longer a separately rated
company. The Parent also guaranteed all outstanding
term debt securities of Wells Fargo

Financial Canada Corporation (WFFCC), WFFI s
wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary. WFFCC has
continued to issue term debt securities and
commercial paper in Canada, unconditionally guaranteed by the
Parent. The Wells Fargo Financial business segment
for management reporting (see Note 24) consists of
WFFI and other affiliated consumer finance entities
managed by WFFI that are included within other
consolidating subsidiaries in the following tables.

123 

124 

125 

126 

Note 26:    Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements

The Company and each of its subsidiary banks are subject to various regulatory capital adequacy
requirements administered by the Federal Reserve Board (FRB) and the OCC, respectively. The Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (FDICIA) required that the federal regulatory agencies adopt
regulations defining five capital tiers for banks: well capitalized, adequately capitalized,
undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. Failure to meet
minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and possibly additional discretionary,
actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on our financial statements.

Quantitative measures, established by the regulators to ensure capital adequacy, require that
the Company and each of the subsidiary banks maintain minimum ratios (set forth in the following table) of
capital to risk-weighted assets. There are three categories of capital under the guidelines. Tier 1
capital includes common stockholders  equity, qualifying preferred stock and trust preferred
securities, less goodwill and certain other deductions (including a portion of servicing assets and the
unrealized net gains and losses, after taxes, on securities available for sale). Tier 2 capital
includes preferred stock not qualifying as Tier 1 capital, subordinated debt, the allowance for credit
losses and net unrealized gains on

127 

marketable equity securities, subject to
limitations by the guidelines. Tier 2 capital is
limited to the amount of Tier 1 capital (i.e., at
least half of the total capital must be in the form
of Tier 1 capital). Tier 3 capital includes certain
qualifying unsecured subordinated debt.

We do not consolidate our wholly-owned trusts
(the Trusts) formed solely to issue trust preferred
securities. The amount of trust preferred securities
issued by the Trusts that was includable in Tier 1
capital in accordance with FRB risk-based capital
guidelines was $4.7 billion at December 31, 2007. The
junior subordinated debentures held by the Trusts were
included in the Company s long-term debt. (See Note
14.)

Under the guidelines, capital is compared with
the relative risk related to the balance sheet. To
derive the risk included in the balance sheet, a risk
weighting is applied to each balance sheet asset and
off-balance sheet item, primarily based on the
relative credit risk of the counterparty. For example,
claims guaranteed by the U.S. government or one

of its agencies are risk-weighted at 0% and certain
real estate related loans risk-weighted at 50%.
Off-balance sheet items, such as loan commitments and
derivatives, are also applied a risk weight after
calculating balance sheet equivalent amounts. A credit
conversion factor is assigned to loan commitments
based on the likelihood of the off-balance sheet item
becoming an asset. For example, certain loan
commitments are converted at 50% and then
risk-weighted at 100%. Derivatives are converted to
balance sheet equivalents based on notional values,
replacement costs and remaining contractual terms.
(See Notes 6 and 16 for further discussion of
off-balance sheet items.) For certain recourse
obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual
interests in asset securitization, and other
securitized transactions that expose institutions
primarily to credit risk, the capital amounts and
classification under the guidelines are subject to
qualitative judgments by the regulators about
components, risk weightings and other factors.

(1) 
       
     The leverage ratio consists of Tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average total
assets, excluding goodwill and certain other items. The minimum leverage ratio guideline
is 3% for banking organizations that do not anticipate significant growth and that have
well-diversified risk, excellent asset quality, high liquidity, good earnings, effective
management and monitoring of market risk and, in general, are considered top-rated, strong
banking organizations. 

Management believes that, as of December 31, 2007, the Company and
each of the covered subsidiary banks met all capital adequacy
requirements to which they are subject.

The most recent notification from the OCC categorized each of the
covered subsidiary banks as well capitalized, under the FDICIA prompt
corrective action provisions applicable to banks. To be categorized as
well capitalized, the institution must maintain a total risk-based
capital ratio as set forth in the table above and not be subject to a
capital directive order. There are no conditions or events since that
notification that management believes have changed the risk-based capital
category of any of the covered subsidiary banks.

As an approved seller/servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., through its
mortgage banking division, is required to maintain minimum levels of
shareholders  equity, as specified by various agencies, including the
United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, Government
National Mortgage Association, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
and Federal National Mortgage Association. At December 31, 2007, Wells
Fargo Bank, N.A. met these requirements.

128 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Wells Fargo   Company:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Wells Fargo   Company and
Subsidiaries ( the Company ) as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related consolidated
statements of income, changes in stockholders  equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for
each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2007. These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An
audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December 31, 2007, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2007, based on criteria established in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework  issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated
February 25, 2008, expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of
accounting for income taxes, leveraged lease transactions, certain mortgages held for sale and
retained interests, and provided additional disclosure regarding the measurement of fair value for
financial assets and liabilities in 2007, and changed its method of accounting for residential
mortgage servicing rights and stock-based compensation in 2006.

San Francisco, California 
February 25, 2008

129 

Quarterly Financial Data

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income   Quarterly (Unaudited)

(1) 
       
     Results for third quarter 2007 and second quarter 2006 have been revised to
reflect $170 million and $95 million, respectively, of litigation expenses associated with
indemnification obligations arising from the Company s ownership interest in Visa. 

(2) 
       
     On April 25, 2006, the Company s Board of Directors declared the second quarter
2006 cash dividend payable June 1, 2006. On June 27, 2006, the Board declared a
two-for-one split in the form of a 100% stock dividend on the Company s common stock and,
at the same time, the third quarter 2006 cash dividend payable September 1, 2006. 

(3) 
       
     Based on daily prices reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite
Transaction Reporting System. 

130 

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 10
 f38267exv21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

exv21 

EXHIBIT 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE PARENT 

The following is a list of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Parent as of December 31, 2007:

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Subsidiary 
       
     or Organization 

1st Capital Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

A.G. Edwards Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

ABD Financial Services, Inc.

Colorado 

ABD Insurance and Financial Services

California 

ACO Brokerage Holdings Corporation

Delaware 

Acordia of Indiana, Inc.

Indiana 

Acordia Services, Inc.

Delaware 

Advance Mortgage

Virginia 

Advantage Mortgage Partners, LLC

Delaware 

Alano Funding, LLC

Delaware 

Alaska Best Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Alces Funding, LLC

Delaware 

Alliance Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Alopekis Funding, LLC

Delaware 

Aman Collection Service, Inc.

South Dakota 

Amber Asset Management Inc.

Maryland 

Amber Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

American Clearinghouse, LLC

Delaware 

American E   S Insurance Brokers California, Inc.

California 

American Priority Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

American Securities Company

California 

American Securities Company of Missouri

Missouri 

American Securities Company of Nevada

Nevada 

American Securities Company of Utah

Utah 

American Southern Mortgage Services, LLC

Delaware 

APM Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Arcturus Trustee Limited

United Kingdom 

Arizona Community Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Ashton Woods Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Aspen Delaware Funding, LLC

Delaware 

ATC Realty Fifteen, Inc.

California 

ATC Realty Nine, Inc.

California 

ATC Realty Sixteen, Inc.

California 

Augustus Ventures, L.L.C.

Nevada 

Azalea Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Bankers Funding Company, LLC

Delaware 

Belgravia Mortgage Group, LLC

Delaware 

Bellwether Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Benefit Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Bergamasco Funding, LLC

Delaware 

Berks Mortgage Services, LLC

Delaware 

BHS Home Loans, LLC

Delaware 

Bitterroot Asset Management, Inc.

Cayman Islands 

Blackhawk Bancorporation

Iowa 

Blue Spirit Insurance Company

Vermont 

Bluebonnet Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Brittlebush Financing, LLC

Nevada 

Bryan, Pendleton, Swats   McAllister, LLC

Tennessee 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Subsidiary 
       
     or Organization 

Canopus Finance Trust

Delaware 

Capstone Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Carnation Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Centennial Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Centurion Agency Nevada, Inc.

Nevada 

Centurion Casualty Company

Iowa 

Centurion Life Insurance Company

Iowa 

Certified Home Loans, LLC

Delaware 

Cervus Funding, L.P.

Delaware 

CGT Insurance Company LTD.

Barbados 

Charter Holdings, Inc.

Nevada 

Chestnut Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Choice Home Financing, LLC

Delaware 

Choice Mortgage Servicing, LLC

Delaware 

CityLife Lending Group, LLC

Delaware 

CNB Investment Trust I

Maryland 

CNB Investment Trust II

Maryland 

Collin Equities, Inc.

Texas 

Colorado Mortgage Alliance, LLC

Delaware 

Colorado Professionals Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Colorado Residential Lenders, LLC

Delaware 

Columbine Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Crocker Properties, Inc.

California 

DH Financial, LLC

Delaware 

Dial Finance Company, Inc.

Nevada 

Dial National Community Benefits, Inc.

Nevada 

Discovery Home Loans, LLC

Delaware 

Eastdil Secured, L.L.C.

New York 

Eaton Village Associates, Ltd. Co.

New Mexico 

Edward Jones Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Elite Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Ellis Advertising, Inc.

Iowa 

Ennis Home Mortgage, LP

Delaware 

Epic Funding Corporation

California 

Express Financial   Mortgage Services, LLC

Delaware 

Falcon Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Family Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Finvercon USA, Inc.

Nevada 

First Associates Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

First Commerce Bancshares, Inc.

Nebraska 

First Commonwealth Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

First Community Capital Corporation

Texas 

First Community Capital Corporation of Delaware, Inc.

Delaware 

First Community Capital Trust I

Delaware 

First Community Capital Trust II

Delaware 

First Community Capital Trust III

Delaware 

First Financial Bancorp (CA) Statutory Trust I

Connecticut 

First Mortgage Consultants, LLC

Delaware 

First Place Financial Corporation

New Mexico 

First Rate Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

First Security Capital I

Delaware 

Five Star Lending, LLC

Delaware 

Florida Heritage Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

FNL Insurance Company

Vermont 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Subsidiary 
       
     or Organization 

Foothill Capital Corporation

California 

Foothill Group, Inc., The

Delaware 

Foothill Partners IV, L.P.

Delaware 

Foundation Mortgage Services, LLC

Delaware 

FPFC Management LLC

New Mexico 

Fulton Homes Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Galliard Capital Management, Inc.

Minnesota 

GBB Capital II

Delaware 

GBB Capital III

Delaware 

GBB Capital IV

Delaware 

GBB Capital VI

Delaware 

GBB Capital VIII

Delaware 

Generation Homes Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Genesis Designer Homes Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Genesis Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Global General Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Gold Coast Mortgage

California 

Golden Funding Company

Cayman Islands 

Golden Pacific Insurance Company

Vermont 

Goldenrod Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Great East Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Great Plains Insurance Company

Vermont 

Greater Atlanta Financial Services, LLC

Delaware 

Greater Bay Bancorp

California 

Greater Bay Bank, N.A.

California 

Greenfield Funding, LLC

Minnesota 

Greenridge Mortgage Services, LLC

Delaware 

GST Co.

Delaware 

Guarantee Pacific Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

H.D. Vest Advisory Services, Inc.

Texas 

H.D. Vest Insurance Agency, L.L.C.

Texas 

H.D. Vest Insurance Agency, L.L.C.

Montana 

H.D. Vest Insurance Agency, L.L.C.

Massachusetts 

H.D. Vest Investment Securities, Inc.

Texas 

H.D. Vest Technology Services, Inc.

Texas 

H.D. Vest, Inc.

Texas 

HADBO Investments C.V.

Netherlands 

Hallmark Mortgage Group, LLC

Delaware 

Harrier Funding, LLC

Delaware 

Havanese Funding, LLC

Delaware 

Hearthside Funding, L.P.

California 

Hendricks Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Heritage Home Mortgage Group, LLC

Delaware 

Hewitt Mortgage Services, LLC

Delaware 

Home Mortgage Specialists, LLC

Delaware 

Home Services Title Reinsurance Company

Vermont 

HomeLife Financial, LLC

Delaware 

Homeservices Lending, LLC

Delaware 

Hometown Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Horizon Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

HREG Mortgage Services, LLC

Delaware 

Hubble Home Loans, LLC

Delaware 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Subsidiary 
       
     or Organization 

Iapetus Funding, LLC

Delaware 

IBID, Inc.

Delaware 

Illustrated  Properties Mortgage Company, LLC

Delaware 

Ilumina Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Integrity Home Funding, LLC

Delaware 

Interwest Capital Trust I

Delaware 

IntraWest Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Iris Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Island Finance Credit Services, Inc.

New York 

Island Finance Holding Company, LLC

Cayman Islands 

Island Finance New York, Inc.

New York 

Island Finance Puerto Rico, Inc.

Delaware 

Island Finance Sales Finance Corporation

Cayman Islands 

Island Finance Sales Finance Trust

Puerto Rico 

IWIC Insurance Company

Vermont 

John Laing Mortgage, LP

California 

Jones   Minear Financial Services, LLC

Delaware 

KD Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Keller Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

KH Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Kidron Partners IV, LP

Minnesota 

Legacy Mortgage

Delaware 

Lincoln Building Corporation

Colorado 

Linear Financial, LP

Delaware 

Lowry Hill Investment Advisors, Inc.

Minnesota 

Lucini/Parish Insurance

Nevada 

Marben Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Marigold Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Marigold International Limited

Cayman Islands 

Martha Turner Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Master Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Mastiff Funding, LP

Delaware 

Max Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

MC of America, LLC

Delaware 

MCIG Pennsylvania, Inc.

Pennsylvania 

MCZ/Centrum Mortgage Company, LLC

Delaware 

Mid-Peninsula Capital, LLC

California 

Monument Peak, LLC

Delaware 

Mortgage 100, LLC

Delaware 

Mortgage One

Not Required 

Mortgages On-Site, LLC

Delaware 

Mortgages Unlimited, LLC

Delaware 

Mulberry Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Mutual Service Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

National Bancorp of Alaska, Inc.

Delaware 

NDC Financial Services, LLC

Delaware 

NEC VIII, LLC

Delaware 

Nero Limited, LLC

Delaware 

NHI Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

North Star Mortgage Guaranty Reinsurance Company

Vermont 

Northern Prairie Indemnity Limited

Cayman Islands 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Subsidiary 
       
     or Organization 

Norwest Alliance System, Inc.

Minnesota 

Norwest Equity Capital, L.L.C.

Minnesota 

Norwest Equity Partners V, a Minnesota Limited Partnership

Minnesota 

Norwest Equity Partners VI, LP

Minnesota 

Norwest Equity Partners VII, LP

Minnesota 

Norwest Equity Partners VIII, LP

Delaware 

Norwest Financial Canada DE, Inc.

Delaware 

Norwest Financial Funding, Inc.

Nevada 

Norwest Financial Investment 1, Inc.

Nevada 

Norwest Financial Investment, Inc.

Nevada 

Norwest Financial Massachusetts

Massachusetts 

Norwest Home Improvement, Inc.

Texas 

Norwest Limited LP, LLLP

Delaware 

Norwest Mezzanine Partners I, LP

Minnesota 

Norwest Mezzanine Partners II, LP

Delaware 

Norwest Properties Holding Company

Minnesota 

Norwest Venture Capital Management, Inc.

Minnesota 

Norwest Venture Partners Advisory-Mauritius

Mauritius 

Norwest Venture Partners FVCI-Mauritius

Mauritius 

Norwest Venture Partners IX, LP

Delaware 

Norwest Venture Partners VI, LP

Minnesota 

Norwest Venture Partners VI-A, LP

Delaware 

Norwest Venture Partners VII, LP

Minnesota 

Norwest Venture Partners VII-A, LP

Delaware 

Norwest Venture Partners VIII, LP

Delaware 

Norwest Venture Partners X -Mauritius

Mauritius 

Norwest Venture Partners X, LP

Delaware 

Norwest Venture Partners-Mauritius

Mauritius 

NVP Associates, LLC

Delaware 

NVP VC Management India Private Limited

India 

Old Swedish Bank Master Tenant, LLC

Minnesota 

Pacific Coast Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Pacific Lifestyle Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Pacific Northwest Bancorp

Washington 

Pacific Northwest Statutory Trust I

Connecticut 

Pageantry Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Palo Alto Partners, LLC

Delaware 

Parkway Mortgage and Financial Center, LLC

Delaware 

PCM Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Peachtree Residential Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Pelican Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Peony Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Peregrine Capital Management, Inc.

Minnesota 

Personal Mortgage Group, LLC

Delaware 

Pheasant Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Pinnacle Mortgage of Nevada, LLC

Delaware 

Placer Sierra Bancshares

California 

Placer Statutory Trust III

Delaware 

Placer Statutory Trust IV

Delaware 

Platinum Residential Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

PNC Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Premier Home Mortgage

California 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Subsidiary 
       
     or Organization 

Premium Financial Services, Inc.

Kentucky 

Primrose Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Private Mortgage Advisors, LLC

Delaware 

Professional Financial Services of Arizona, LLC

Delaware 

Properties Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Pumi Funding, LLC

Delaware 

Quail Asset Management, LLC

Delaware 

Rainier Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Real Estate Lenders

Not Required 

Real Living Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Realty Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Regency Insurance Agency, Inc.

Minnesota 

Related Financial, LLC

Delaware 

Reliable Finance Holding Company

Puerto Rico 

Reliable Finance Holding Company, LLC

Nevada 

Reliable Financial Services, Inc.

Puerto Rico 

Reliable Insurance Services Corp.

Puerto Rico 

Residential Community Mortgage Company, LLC

Delaware 

Residential Home Mortgage Investment, L.L.C.

Delaware 

ResortQuest Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Rigil Finance, LLC

Delaware 

River City Group, LLC

Delaware 

Riverside Home Loans, LLC

Delaware 

Ruby Asset Management Inc.

Maryland 

Rural Community Insurance Agency, Inc.

Minnesota 

Rural Community Insurance Company

Minnesota 

Russ Lyon Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

RWF Mortgage Company

California 

RWF Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Sagebrush Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Saguaro Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Sapphire Asset Management Inc.

Maryland 

Scott Life Insurance Company

Arizona 

Secured Capital Corp

California 

Security First Financial Group, LLC

Delaware 

SecurSource Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Select Lending Services, LLC

Delaware 

SelectNet Plus, Inc.

West Virginia 

SG Group Holdings LLC

Delaware 

SG New York LLC

Delaware 

SG Pennsylvania LLC

Delaware 

SG Tucson LLC

Delaware 

Sierra Delaware Funding, LLC

Delaware 

Sierra Peaks Funding, LP

Delaware 

Signature Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Silver Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Sirius Finance, LLC

Delaware 

Skogman Mortgage Company

Not Required 

Skyline Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Smart Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Smith Family Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Subsidiary 
       
     or Organization 

Southeast Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Southeast Minnesota Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Southern Ohio Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Southwest Community Statutory Trust I

Connecticut 

Southwest Partners, Inc.

California 

SPH Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Spring Cypress Water Supply Corporation

Texas 

Stagecoach Insurance Agency, Inc.

California 

Stagecoach Insurance Services, LLC

Delaware 

Stirling Mortgage Services, LLC

Delaware 

Stock Financial Services, LLC

Delaware 

Summit National Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Superior Guaranty Insurance Company

Vermont 

Sweetroot Funding, LLC

Cayman Islands 

Tai Mo Shan Investments Partnership

Hong Kong 

TAI Title Trust

Delaware 

Telomian Funding, Inc.

Delaware 

The Thirty-Eight Hundred Fund, LLC

Delaware 

The Trumbull Group, LLC

Delaware 

Thirty-Eight Hundred Investments Limited

Cayman Islands 

Tiberius Ventures, L.L.C.

Nevada 

TMS Funding Limited

Cayman Islands 

Topaz Asset Management Inc.

Maryland 

Trademark Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

United California Bank Realty Corporation

California 

Valley Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Victoria Investments, LLC

Delaware 

Village Communities Financial, LLC

Delaware 

Village Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Violet Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

Wapiti Funding, LLC

Delaware 

Wasatch Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

WCI Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Capital Management Incorporated

California 

Wells Fargo Alaska Trust Company, National Association

United States 

Wells Fargo Alternative Asset Management, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Asia Limited

Hong Kong 

Wells Fargo Asset Management Corporation

Minnesota 

Wells Fargo Asset Securities Corporation

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Auto Finance, Inc.

California 

Wells Fargo Bank Grand Junction, National Association

United States 

Wells Fargo Bank Grand Junction-Downtown, National Association

United States 

Wells Fargo Bank International

United States 

Wells Fargo Bank Northwest, National Association

United States 

Wells Fargo Bank, Ltd.

California 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association

United States 

Wells Fargo Bill Presentment Venture Member, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Brokerage Services, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Capital A

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Capital B

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Capital C

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Capital I

Delaware 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Subsidiary 
       
     or Organization 

Wells Fargo Capital Holdings, Inc.

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Capital II

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Capital IV

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Capital IX

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Capital VII

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Capital VIII

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Capital X

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Cash Centers, Inc.

Nevada 

Wells Fargo Cedar Creek, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Central Bank

California 

Wells Fargo Central Pacific Holdings, Inc.

California 

Wells Fargo Century, Inc.

New York 

Wells Fargo Community Development Corporation

Nevada 

Wells Fargo Community Development Enterprises, Inc.

Nevada 

Wells Fargo Credit Card Funding LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Credit Card Master Note Trust

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Credit, Inc.

Minnesota 

Wells Fargo Delaware Trust Company

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Distribution Finance, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Energy Capital, Inc.

Texas 

Wells Fargo Equipment Finance Company

Canada 

Wells Fargo Equipment Finance, Inc.

Minnesota 

Wells Fargo Equity Capital, Inc.

California 

Wells Fargo Escrow Company, LLC

Iowa 

Wells Fargo Financial Acceptance America, Inc.

Pennsylvania 

Wells Fargo Financial Acceptance, LLC

Minnesota 

Wells Fargo Financial Agency, Co.

Iowa 

Wells Fargo Financial Alabama, Inc.

Alabama 

Wells Fargo Financial Alaska, Inc.

Alaska 

Wells Fargo Financial America, Inc.

Pennsylvania 

Wells Fargo Financial Arizona, Inc.

Arizona 

Wells Fargo Financial Arkansas, Inc.

Arkansas 

Wells Fargo Financial Auto Owner Trust 2004-A

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Financial Auto Owner Trust 2005-A

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Financial Bank

South Dakota 

Wells Fargo Financial California, Inc.

Colorado 

Wells Fargo Financial Canada Corporation

Canada 

Wells Fargo Financial CAR LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Financial Colorado, Inc.

Colorado 

Wells Fargo Financial Connecticut, Inc.

Connecticut 

Wells Fargo Financial Corporation Canada

Canada 

Wells Fargo Financial Credit Services New York, Inc.

New York 

Wells Fargo Financial Delaware, Inc.

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Financial Florida, Inc.

Florida 

Wells Fargo Financial Funding B.V.

Netherlands 

Wells Fargo Financial Georgia, Inc.

Iowa 

Wells Fargo Financial Guam, Inc.

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Financial Hawaii, Inc.

Hawaii 

Wells Fargo Financial Holdings, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Financial Hong Kong Limited

Hong Kong 

Wells Fargo Financial Idaho, Inc.

Idaho 

Wells Fargo Financial Illinois, Inc.

Iowa 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Subsidiary 
       
     or Organization 

Wells Fargo Financial Indiana, Inc.

Indiana 

Wells Fargo Financial Information Services, Inc.

Iowa 

Wells Fargo Financial Investments, Inc.

Nevada 

Wells Fargo Financial Iowa 1, Inc.

Iowa 

Wells Fargo Financial Iowa 3, Inc.

Iowa 

Wells Fargo Financial Kansas, Inc.

Kansas 

Wells Fargo Financial Kentucky 1, Inc.

Kentucky 

Wells Fargo Financial Kentucky, Inc.

Kentucky 

Wells Fargo Financial Leasing Florida, LLC

Florida 

Wells Fargo Financial Leasing, Inc.

Iowa 

Wells Fargo Financial Louisiana, Inc.

Louisiana 

Wells Fargo Financial Maine, Inc.

Maine 

Wells Fargo Financial Maryland, Inc.

Maryland 

Wells Fargo Financial Massachusetts 1, Inc.

Massachusetts 

Wells Fargo Financial Massachusetts, Inc.

Massachusetts 

Wells Fargo Financial Michigan, Inc.

Michigan 

Wells Fargo Financial Minnesota, Inc.

Minnesota 

Wells Fargo Financial Mississippi 2, Inc.

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Financial Mississippi, Inc.

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Financial Missouri, Inc.

Missouri 

Wells Fargo Financial Montana, Inc.

Montana 

Wells Fargo Financial National Bank

United States 

Wells Fargo Financial Nebraska, Inc.

Nebraska 

Wells Fargo Financial Nevada 1, Inc.

Nevada 

Wells Fargo Financial Nevada 2, Inc.

Nevada 

Wells Fargo Financial Nevada, Inc.

Nevada 

Wells Fargo Financial New Hampshire 1, Inc.

New Hampshire 

Wells Fargo Financial New Hampshire, Inc.

New Hampshire 

Wells Fargo Financial New Jersey, Inc.

New Jersey 

Wells Fargo Financial New Mexico, Inc.

New Mexico 

Wells Fargo Financial New York, Inc.

New York 

Wells Fargo Financial North Carolina 1, Inc.

North Carolina 

Wells Fargo Financial North Carolina, Inc.

North Carolina 

Wells Fargo Financial North Dakota, Inc.

North Dakota 

Wells Fargo Financial Ohio 1, Inc.

New Hampshire 

Wells Fargo Financial Ohio, Inc.

Ohio 

Wells Fargo Financial Oklahoma, Inc.

Oklahoma 

Wells Fargo Financial Oregon, Inc.

Oregon 

Wells Fargo Financial Pennsylvania, Inc.

Pennsylvania 

Wells Fargo Financial Puerto Rico, Inc.

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Financial Receivables, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Financial Resources, Inc.

Iowa 

Wells Fargo Financial Retail Credit, Inc.

Iowa 

Wells Fargo Financial Retail Services Company Canada

Canada 

Wells Fargo Financial Retail Services, Inc.

Iowa 

Wells Fargo Financial Rhode Island, Inc.

Rhode Island 

Wells Fargo Financial Saipan, Inc.

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Financial Security Services, Inc.

Iowa 

Wells Fargo Financial Services Virginia, Inc.

Virginia 

Wells Fargo Financial Services, Inc.

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Financial South Carolina, Inc.

South Carolina 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Subsidiary 
       
     or Organization 

Wells Fargo Financial South Dakota, Inc.

South Dakota 

Wells Fargo Financial System Florida, Inc.

Florida 

Wells Fargo Financial System Minnesota, Inc.

Minnesota 

Wells Fargo Financial System Virginia, Inc.

Virginia 

Wells Fargo Financial Tennessee 1, LLC

Tennessee 

Wells Fargo Financial Tennessee, Inc.

Tennessee 

Wells Fargo Financial Texas, Inc.

Texas 

Wells Fargo Financial Utah, Inc.

Utah 

Wells Fargo Financial Vermont, Inc.

Vermont 

Wells Fargo Financial Virginia, Inc.

Virginia 

Wells Fargo Financial Washington 1, Inc.

Washington 

Wells Fargo Financial Washington, Inc.

Washington 

Wells Fargo Financial West Virginia, Inc.

West Virginia 

Wells Fargo Financial Wisconsin, Inc.

Wisconsin 

Wells Fargo Financial Wyoming, Inc.

Wyoming 

Wells Fargo Financial, Inc.

Iowa 

Wells Fargo Financing Corporation

California 

Wells Fargo Foothill Canada ULC

Canada 

Wells Fargo Foothill, Inc.

California 

Wells Fargo Foothill, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Funding, Inc.

Minnesota 

Wells Fargo Funds Distributor, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Funds Management, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Home Mortgage of Hawaii, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Housing Advisors, Inc.

California 

Wells Fargo HSBC Trade Bank, National Association

United States 

Wells Fargo India Solutions Private Limited

India 

Wells Fargo Institutional Funding, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Institutional Securities, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Insurance Agency of Michigan, Inc.

Michigan 

Wells Fargo Insurance Nevada, Inc.

Nevada 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services Mountain West, Inc.

Colorado 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services Northeast, Inc.

New Jersey 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services Northwest, Inc.

Washington 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of Alabama, Inc.

Alabama 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of Alaska, Inc.

Alaska 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of Arizona, Inc.

Arizona 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of Illinois, Inc.

Illinois 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of Indiana, LLC

Indiana 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of Kentucky, Inc.

Kentucky 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of Minnesota, Inc.

Minnesota 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of Nevada, Inc.

Nevada 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of New York, Inc.

New York 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of North Carolina, Inc.

North Carolina 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of Ohio, LLC

Ohio 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of Oregon, Inc.

Oregon 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of Pennsylvania, Inc.

Pennsylvania 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of Tennessee, Inc.

Tennessee 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of Texas, Inc.

Texas 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of Virginia, Inc.

Virginia 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services, Inc.

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Insurance Wyoming, Inc.

Wyoming 

Wells Fargo Insurance, Inc.

Minnesota 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Subsidiary 
       
     or Organization 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services of West Virginia, Inc.

West Virginia 

Wells Fargo Insurance Services Southeast, Inc.

Florida 

Wells Fargo International Commercial Services Limited

Hong Kong 

Wells Fargo Investment Group, Inc.

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Investments, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo of California Insurance Services, Inc.

California 

Wells Fargo Preferred Capital, Inc.

Iowa 

Wells Fargo Private Client Funding, Inc.

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Private Investment Advisors, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Properties, Inc.

Minnesota 

Wells Fargo RE, Inc.

New Jersey 

Wells Fargo Real Estate Capital Investments, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Real Estate Tax Services, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Retail Finance II, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Retail Finance, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Securities Limited

United Kingdom 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Securitisation Services Limited

United Kingdom 

Wells Fargo Servicing Solutions, LLC

Florida 

Wells Fargo Small Business Investment Company, Inc.

California 

Wells Fargo Special Risks, Inc.

Illinois 

Wells Fargo Structured Lending, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Student Loans Receivables I, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Third Party Administrators, Inc.

West Virginia 

Wells Fargo Ventures, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo Wind Holdings, LLC

Delaware 

Wells Fargo, Ltd.

Hawaii 

WF Deferred Compensation Holdings, Inc.

Delaware 

WF National Bank South Central

United States 

WFC Holdings Corporation

Delaware 

WFI Insurance Agency Montana, Inc.

Montana 

WFI Insurance Agency Washington, Inc.

Washington 

WF-KW, LLC

Delaware 

WFLC Subsidiary, LLC

Delaware 

Whippet Funding, LLC

Delaware 

William Pitt Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Windward Home Mortgage, LLC

Delaware 

Winmark Financial, LLC

Delaware 

Yucca Asset Management, Inc.

Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 11
 f38267exv23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

exv23 

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The Board of Directors 
Wells Fargo   Company:

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements noted below on Forms
S-3, S-4 and S-8 of Wells Fargo   Company (the  Company ), of our report dated February 25, 2008,
with respect to: (a) the consolidated balance sheet of Wells Fargo   Company and Subsidiaries as of
December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in
stockholders  equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the years in the
three-year period ended December 31, 2007; and (b) the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2007; which reports appear in the Company s December 31,
2007 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our report on the aforementioned consolidated financial
statements refers to a change in the method of accounting for income taxes, leveraged lease
transactions, certain mortgages held for sale and retained interests, and provided additional
disclosure regarding the measurement of fair value for financial assets and liabilities in 2007 and
refers to a change in the method of accounting for residential mortgage servicing rights,
stock-based compensation, and pensions in 2006.

/s/ KPMG LLP 
San Francisco, California 
February 29, 2008

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 12
 f38267exv24.htm
 EXHIBIT 24

exv24 

Exhibit 24 

WELLS FARGO   COMPANY

Power of Attorney of Director

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned director of WELLS FARGO   COMPANY, a
Delaware corporation, does hereby make, constitute, and appoint PHILIP J. QUIGLEY, a director and
Chairman of the Audit and Examination Committee of the Board of Directors, and CYNTHIA H. MILLIGAN,
a director and member of the Audit and Examination Committee of the Board of Directors, and each or
either of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution,
for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place, and stead, to sign and affix the
undersigned s name as such director of said Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2007, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by said Company with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C. under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and
the rules and regulations of said Commission, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and
other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of
them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the
performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney this 26th day of
February, 2008.

/s/ JOHN S. CHEN

/s/ NICHOLAS G. MOORE 

/s/ LLOYD H. DEAN

/s/ PHILIP J. QUIGLEY 

/s/ SUSAN E. ENGEL

/s/ DONALD B. RICE 

/s/ ENRIQUE HERNANDEZ, JR.

/s/ JUDITH M. RUNSTAD 

/s/ ROBERT L. JOSS

/s/ STEPHEN W. SANGER 

/s/ RICHARD M. KOVACEVICH

/s/ JOHN G. STUMPF 

/s/ RICHARD D. McCORMICK

/s/ SUSAN G. SWENSON 

/s/ CYNTHIA H. MILLIGAN

/s/ MICHAEL W. WRIGHT 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.(A)>
 13
 f38267exv31wxay.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.(A)

exv31wxay 

Exhibit 31(a) 

CERTIFICATION  

I, John G. Stumpf, certify that:

1. 
       
     I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007,
of Wells Fargo   Company; 

2. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
       
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
       
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
       
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
       
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
       
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
       
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: February 29, 2008

/s/ JOHN G. STUMPF 

John G. Stumpf 

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.(A)>

<EX-31.(B)>
 14
 f38267exv31wxby.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.(B)

exv31wxby 

Exhibit 31(b) 

CERTIFICATION  

I, Howard I. Atkins, certify that:

1. 
       
     I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007,
of Wells Fargo   Company; 

2. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
       
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
       
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
       
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
       
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
       
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
       
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 29, 2008

/s/ HOWARD I. ATKINS 

Howard I. Atkins 

Senior Executive Vice President
and 
Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.(B)>

<EX-32.(A)>
 15
 f38267exv32wxay.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.(A)

exv32wxay 

Exhibit 32(a) 

Certification of Periodic Financial Report by 
Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
and 18 U.S.C.   1350 

I, John G. Stumpf, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wells Fargo   Company (the
 Company ), certify that:

(1) 
       
     The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, (the
 Report ) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
       
     the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ JOHN G. STUMPF 

John G. Stumpf 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
Wells Fargo   Company February 29, 2008 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Wells
Fargo   Company and will be retained by Wells Fargo   Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.(A)>

<EX-32.(B)>
 16
 f38267exv32wxby.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.(B)

exv32wxby 

Exhibit 32(b) 

Certification of Periodic Financial Report by 
Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
and 18 U.S.C.   1350 

I, Howard I. Atkins, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Wells
Fargo   Company (the  Company ), certify that:

(1) 
       
     The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, (the
 Report ) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
       
     the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ HOWARD I. ATKINS 

Howard I. Atkins  

Senior Executive Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer 
Wells Fargo   Company February 29, 2008 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Wells
Fargo   Company and will be retained by Wells Fargo   Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.(B)>

